*start
Page 1
^Next page,2
This is an actual book written by R.A.Montgomery.
The source of this copy was from www.readforumsplace.com.
Note that this is not a normal story. It is a very massive story, with many long branches in each direction.
Every choice you make will affect the rest of the story. Think before you make a choice, you cannot go back.
For real, you actually cannot go back, I didn't program this to have that feature. Every choice you make could
be the difference between death and success. There are also many many.... many stories within this one. So repeating the 
story with different choices will lead you to uncovering new mysterious hidden in the adventure. GOOD LUCK!!!

*2
Page 2
You are an underwater explorer. You are leaving to explore the deepest oceans. You must find
the lost city of Atlantis. This is your most challenging assignment.
It is morning and the sun pushes up on the
horizon. The sea is calm. You climb into the narrow pilot's compartment of the underwater vessel
Seeker with your special gear. The crew of the
research vessel Maray screws down the hatch
clamps. Now begins the plunge into the depths of
the ocean. The Seeker crew begins lowering by a
strong, but thin cable. Within minutes, you are so
deep in the ocean that little light filters down to
you. The silence is eerie as the Seeker slips deeper
and deeper. You peer out the thick glass porthole
and see fish drifting past, sometimes stopping to
look at you—an intruder from another world.


*3
Page 3
^decide to explore the ledge where the Seeker has come to rest,6
^decide to cut loose from the Maray and dive with the Seeker into the canyon in the ocean floor,5
Now the cable attaching you to Maray is extended almost to its limit. You have come to rest on
a ledge near the canyon in the ocean floor that
supposedly leads to the lost city of Atlantis.
You have a special sea suit that will protect you
from the intense pressure of the deep if you choose
to walk about on the sea bottom. You can cut
loose from the cable if you wish because the
Seeker is self-propelled. You are now in another
world.


*5
Page 5
^decide to investigate the bubbles,8
^decide to investigate the grotto with the round entrance,9
You radio a status report to the Moray and tell
them that you are going to cast off from the line
and descend under your own power. Your plan is
approved and you cast off your line. Now you are
on your own. The Seeker slips noiselessly into the
undersea canyon.
As you drop into the canyon, you turn on the
Seeker's powerful searchlight. Straight ahead is a
dark wall covered with a strange type of barnacle
growth. To the left (port) side you see what appears to be a grotto. The entrance is perfectly
round, as if it had been cut by human hands.
Lantern fish give off a pale, greenish light. To the
right (starboard) side of the Seeker you see bubbles rising steadily from the floor of the canyon.



*6
Page 6
^stay hidden close to the Seeker,10
^try to escape in the hope that rescuers will see you,12
Your sea suit will protect you from the intense
pressures of the deep. It is a tight fit and takes you
some time to put it on. Finally you slip from the
airlock of the Seeker and stand on the ocean floor.
It is a strange and marvelous world where your
every move is slowed down. You begin to explore
with your special hand-held searchlight. You
examine the ledge by the canyon.
Suddenly, a school of bright yellow angel fish
dart by, almost brushing you. What made them
move so fast? Are they being chased?
Then you see it. The Seeker is in the grips of a
huge sea monster. It is similar to a squid, but it is
enormous. The Seeker is just a toy in its long,
powerful tentacles. You seek shelter behind a rock
formation. You know the spear gun you carry will
be useless against this monster. It looks as though it
will destroy the Seeker. Fish of all sizes huddle with
you in an attempt to escape the monster.



*8
Page 8
^decide to analyze the bubbles,11
^decide to take sonar readings,15
Carefully, you maneuver the Seeker between
the walls of the canyon.
On the floor of the canyon, you discover a large
round hole out of which flow the large bubbles.
The Seeker is equipped with scientific equipment
to analyze the bubbles. It also has sonar equipment that can measure the depth of any hole.


*9
Page 9
^decide to use the laser light,16
^decide to cruise further into the grotto,14
You pilot the Seeker through the rounded entrance to the grotto. Once inside, your searchlight
picks up what appear to be docks and piers along
the grotto walls. The Seeker's searchlight is not
very powerful. However, you do have a special
laser light which would light up the grotto like
daylight. Unfortunately, the laser light can only be
used twice for very short periods before it must be
recharged aboard the Maray, now more than
2,000 feet above you on the surface.



*10
Page 10
^decide to fight the squid with your spear gun hoping to scare it off,17
^decide to signal Maray to pull you up at top speed knowing you will get the bends,18
The giant squid tosses and turns the Seeker, but
finally the creature grows tired of its new game and
jets off with an enormous squirt of water. You now
are free to leave your hiding place and examine
the Seeker for damage.
To your dismay, the airlock entrance has been
jammed shut. You are locked out of the Seeker.
The crew of the Maray, however, suspected trouble when you did not respond to a routine radio
check and they are now lowering an escape platform to you. Once on the platform, you radio them
to start the slow pull to the surface. To avoid the
bends—rapid expansion of nitrogen bubbles in
your blood—they will have to bring you up very
slowly.
Just as the platform begins to move, the giant
squid suddenly returns as if from nowhere. It is
headed directly at you.



*11
Page 11
^try to collect the bubbles coming from the hole to fill the tanks of the Seeker,24
^decide to drill,22
You squeeze into your sea suit and, outside the
Seeker, you use special equipment to analyze the
bubbles. As you work, you clumsily knock against
the valve that dumps the compressed air necessary
to make the Seeker rise to the surface. There is
nothing to be done about it; so you continue to
analyze the bubbles. They contain a high percentage of oxygen and no poisonous gases. Perhaps
they are coming from some area below the sea
where human-type beings can live and breathe.
Perhaps they are coming from Atlantis.
You wonder whether you should try the
Seeker's drilling arm to enlarge the source of the
bubbles so you can explore it with the Seeker. But
you are also very worried about the Seeker's loss
of rising capability. You might also be able to trap
the bubbles and use them to raise the Seeker.



*12
Page 12
^decide to fire the special propulsion charge to get to the surface,21
^decide to wait quietly hoping that the shark will go away,19
Moving cautiously, you climb up the sides of the
canyon hoping to reach the ocean floor. You leave
the Seeker in the grips of the giant squid. Your plan
is to signal for help with a dye marker that will float
to the surface and make a bright yellow patch in
the water. The crewmen above have been instructed to watch for such emergency signals.
They will send help.
Once you reach the ledge above the canyon
and feel slightiy safer, you see the most feared of all
sea creatures— a huge shark. It begins to circle
towards you and you know that you are its target.
You wonder whether you should fire your
emergency propulsion charge that will send you
rapidly to the surface. The shark is fast; he might
catch you anyway. You also know that you will get
the bends from the rapid rise to the surface.



*13
Page 13
^Next page,14


*14
Page 14
^decide to blow the hatch open with an explosive charge,26
^decide to continue transmitting radio communications through the hatch,28
You cruise silently into the grotto. Its roof seems
to slope upward and you follow the slope. The
depth finder shows that you are rising quite
rapidly. Perhaps you will reach the surface and
open air. Then the roof of the grotto stops sloping
upward. Before you is a perfectly round metallic
hatch made of a metal that you have never seen
before. With the mechanical arm of the Seeker
you try to open the hatch. It will not open. You
begin to send radio signals at the door hoping to
make contact on the other side.


*15
Page 15
^decide to descend into the hole,23
^decide to return to the surface,27
You maneuver the Seeker next to the hole and
begin to take sonar readings to determine the
depth of the hole. To your amazement, the sonar
readings indicate that the hole is extraordinarily
deep— it might reach the center of the earth!
What lies down there? Where are the bubbles
coming from? Is Atlantis beneath you?
Then you notice a disturbing reading on your
instruments; a mild earthquake has occurred. The
Seeker is not damaged, but the earthquake could
set up a tsunami wave on the surface causing the
Moray to leave for safer areas. It might be dangerous not to get back to the surface and leave with
the Moray. On the other hand, you are perhaps on
the verge of one of the world's greatest discoveries.



*16
Page 16
^decide to try to enter the submarine,29
^decide to cruise on through the grotto,31
The beam from the laser light illuminates the
entire grotto. Far back on the floor of the grotto is a
submarine! Cautiously, you maneuver the Seeker
closer. You identify it as the submarine that mysteriously disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle almost a year before. The Bermuda Triangle is more
than 2000 miles away.
The submarine is apparently not damaged, but
it is covered with a slimy algae. Beautiful fish swim
around it as though it is their own special prize.
Then you notice that the main hatch is free of
algae!



*17
Page 17
^decide to quit the expedition now,32
^decide to go back down to the deep,33
With a rush of water, the giant squid attacks you.
Two 20 foot tentacles with their pulsing suction
cups reach out trying to ensnare you. You dive off
the platform and rapidly fire two of your spears.
They strike the squid close to its two monstrous
eyes. But the squid keeps on coming.
One of the tentacles wraps around your diving
helmet and ruptures the seal to your suit. You fire
your last spear hoping to hit the monster in a
vulnerable spot. Water is beginning to trickle into
your suit. You signal the Maray to haul you up
fast— "Emergency Hoist." You must have hit the
squid. It floats away writhing and thrashing. You
think you're about to black out.
You wake up on the deck of the Moray and are
quickly rushed to the decompression chambers to
ward off the effect of the bends. In a few days you
are better and start to worry about diving into the
abyss again.



*18
Page 18
^try to get help from the dolphin,34
^decide to carry on alone swimming to the surface,37
As they begin the rapid hauling, you lose your
ability to function in the deep. You start to get dizzy
and your arms and legs feel weak. You lose your
hold on the platform and drift in the water
exhausted. Then you see a dolphin heading toward you. You know that these marvelous
mammals sometimes help people in trouble. Will it
help you?



*19
Page 19
^Next page,20
You wait for the shark to go away. But then you
notice other sharks coming to join in the hunt.
They circle you, coming closer and faster each
time. It is too late. There is no escape!
The End


*20
Page 20


*21
Page 21
^Next page,22
You fire the special propulsion charge and zoom
upward through the water, frightening schools of
fish as you go. You become dizzy and lose track of
where you are. The world seems upside down.
The shark is nowhere around, you hope. Then
you break through to the surface floating about a
half mile from the Maray.
The lookouts spot you in the water and quickly
rescue you. Unfortunately, the rapid ascent has
given you a bad case of the bends. It takes a long
time to decompress. And when you are finally all
right, the ship's doctor informs you that your
underwater days are over. Someone else will have
to find Atlantis.
The End


*22
Page 22
^explore,38
^try to surface,35
As you begin to drill, the stream of bubbles
increases.
The stream of bubbles is strong enough now to
ruffle the surface of the sea. You could try to
surface now and locate the exact position of the
bubble area. Then you could make plans with the
scientists aboard the Moray about what to do next.
But also, you could simply explore the hole with
the Seeker to determine the source of the bubbles
now! There is great risk in entering the hole, but it
could lead to the source of the bubbles and maybe
to Atlantis.




*23
Page 23
^Next page,24
Now is the time for decision. You check all the
controls of the Seeker, grit your teeth, and push
the control column into the deep dive position.
Down, down you go where no person has ever
ventured. The Seeker is built for deep, deep dives,
but you are descending rapidly mile after mile into
the deep. The pressure is intense, the darkness is
complete, and the depth guage indicates an incredible 15 miles. You quickly reverse the control
column. Warning lights flare up on your control
panel; they show that gravitational forces are now
stronger than the Seeker's propulsion motors. You
have passed the point of no return and your journey downward will continue in utter darkness until
the water pressure is too great for the Seeker. This
is the final voyage.
The End


*24
Page 24
You are able to capture the bubbling gases and
fill the tanks of the Seeker, enough to allow it to
rise. Slowly, the Seeker rises out of the canyon,
scattering schools of brightly colored fish, and
brushing past underwater plants that wave like
palm trees in a wind. Just as you reach the ledge at
the top of the canyon, you see what appears to be
an old road! Rocks along its side seem to be guard
rails. Could this be a path that leads to the lost city
of Atlantis? You anchor the Seeker and prepare to
investigate more closely.


Turn to page 6.


*26
Page 26
^Next page,27
The only way to get beyond the door is to blast it
away, or so you believe. The Seeker's laser cannon is powerful and you position the Seeker to fire.
Pushing the fire button, you send a powerful beam
at the hatch. Nothing happens. Then you advance
the cannon control to full emergency force. Again
you push the button and the beam dissolves the
hatch instantly. A flood of sea water rushes into the
giant hole, carrying you with it into an air-filled
cavern beyond. The water fills the cavern with
speed and explosive force. You see several people
scurrying towards escape hatches. IT IS TOO
LATE! You did the wrong thing.
The End


*27
Page 27
^decide to follow the people and join the Atlantean society,39
^decide to make a dash for the Seeker and try to blast through the closed door with the laser cannon,40
Deciding to return to the surface, you direct the
Seeker cautiously back along the side of the canyon in the ocean floor. Without warning, the
Seeker is gripped in a powerful current that sweeps
it toward a grotto. Once in the grotto, the current
carries you to what appears to be a large metal
door. It swings open and the Seeker is swept inside. The door closes, the water in the grotto drains
away, and you step out into a chamber that you
decide must be made by human hands.
A door opens in the wall, two people dressed in
simple clothes come towards you. One of them
says, "Welcome to Atlantis. We have been expecting you."
What a discovery! You have found the lost continent and its civilization. The two people tell you
that although citizens of Atlantis occasionally journey to the upper world, anyone who happens
upon Atlantis is never permitted to leave. The
Atlanteans are not cruel but fear discovery of their
world.
They want you to follow them and you agree.
But you have another thought. Perhaps you could
blast your way out of the chamber with the
Seeker's laser cannon.


*28
Page 28
^decide to go on and investigate what might be Atlantis,41
^decide to retreat,42
The radio transmissions seem to be failing, and
you grow tired of sending signals through the
closed door. You are just about to give up when
the door suddenly swings open revealing behind it
a cavern with another door. You enter the cavern
cautiously and receive a radio signal in English. It
tells you that you are welcome here, but that once
you enter this place, you may never return to the
world above. It is up to you to decide.




*29
Page 29
^hurry in trying to reach the secret passageway without being seen,43
^rush back to the Seeker trying to escape danger,44
The submarine is indeed mysterious. You now
have on your sea suit and you open the hatch on
the conning tower and enter the sub. It is amazingly clean and in order. There are no signs of life,
but there are also no signs of struggle or trouble. In
the control room, you see a piece of mystifying
equipment that just doesn't belong on this sub.
A voice begins telling you that, thousands of
years ago, the leaders of Atlantis realized that their
continent was slipping into the sea. They discovered a large underground cavern and built new
forms of living quarters for their people. Later
when Atlantis was deep beneath the ocean, some
of their scientists discovered and perfected an operation enabling them to breathe under water.
The voice, which sounds friendly, also tells you
that there are two groups in Atlantis. One group is
good and the other is evil. The voice invites you to
enter the world of Atlantis and gives directions and
instructions to a secret passageway to the underwater city.
As you follow directions, you spy an unbelievable underwater craft with several people in it. It
must be an Atlantean ship, but are the people
good or evil? Do they know of the secret passageway?


*31
Page 31
^Next page,32
You cruise through the grotto past the wreck of
the submarine and then you spot another ship
wreck. And then another. They, too, are covered
with algae, but they appear undamaged. Maybe
people from Atlantis capture ships in the Bermuda
Triangle and bring them here. Then you see
another ship, but this one is a three-masted
schooner of the type used in the early 1800s. Its
rigging is festooned with algae, and fish swim lazily
around its mast.
Your curiosity captures you and you put on your
sea suit. Leaving the Seeker, you move towards
the old sailing ship. Suddenly a thirteen-foot long
deadly poisonous sea snake strikes from behind
the forward cabin and bites you in the soft flesh
between the fingers of your right hand. There is no
antidote to the deadly poison.
The End


*32
Page 32
With great sorrow, you decide that it is wisest to
leave the expedition now. You can't risk returning
to the great depths below. So, you reluctantly
return to the United States.
You are invited to tell of your adventures on
several major television shows. While on one such
show, a special news flash announces to the world
the discovery of Atlantis. You regret your decision,
but you didn't really have a choice. Did you?
The End


*33
Page 33
^go aboard the Greek ship,45
^return to the surface to report your findings,46
t resist the adventure beneath the sea.
You can'
You must go down again, and after several weeks
of rest, you enter the Seeker and slip quickly into
the deep. You bring the Seeker to rest by the great
canyon in the ocean bottom and, wearing your
special suit, you venture out into the depths. There
are no signs of the giant squid and you feel safe.
Rounding a rock formation, you come upon the
wreck of an ancient Greek ship. How strange to
find this ship, intact, so far below the surface. What
brought it here? Was it visiting Atlantis before the
lost continent slipped beneath the sea?
You take pictures and make notes in your special undersea book. Maybe this ancient ship hides
the secret to Atlantis.



*34
Page 34
^decide to dive again the next day,48
^decide to give up the expedition,47
The dolphin looks at you, and you even imagine
that he is smiling at you. You grab one of his
flippers and with a powerful switch of his body, the
dolphin swims upward. In a short time, you break
through to the surface. You blink in the bright sun.
The Maray is nowhere in sight. You are lost far at
sea.
The dolphin dives beneath the surface with you
still clinging to him. He speeds off and within 20
minutes you are next to the Moray. The dolphin
must have heard the Moray's engine noises underneath the water.
Once aboard, everyone congratulates you on
your escape. You will go down again, but the
thought keeps haunting you: What if your luck has
run out?



*35
Page 35
^decide to keep struggling towards the surface,50
^decide to rest quietly gain strength and work out a plan,53
You suddenly realize the stream of bubbles is
powerful enough to raise the Seeker. You guide
the Seeker into the bubble stream and it heads
towards the surface. As you swirl upward, you
begin to notice increasing amounts of brown
kelp— seaweed. Near the surface, you become
entangled in the seaweed. The instruments in the
Seeker indicate that the propellers and the steering
mechanisms will not work.
You put on your sea suit and go out to see what
can be done. Once outside in the kelp, you realize
that you can'
t free the Seeker. You start to swim
for the surface but then you are soon completely
stuck in the clinging seaweed. You are trapped and
unable to go forward or return to the Seeker.


*37
Page 37
^Next page,38
The dolphin might help and might not. You
decide to chance it alone. So, up you head, swimming towards the surface. The dolphin follows for
some time, and then swims off. You rest for awhile
about 300 feet below the surface before your final
ascent.
Then a large fish— ugly, lumpy, puffed up, and
covered with black and white markings swims towards you. Its bulging eyes fasten on you. It is a
big-mouthed grouper, a fish which does not
bother to bite its victims, but simply swallows them
whole.
It looks as though you are its next meal.
The End


*38
Page 38
^follow them into the city of Atlantis,55
^decide to return to the surface,51
You decide to guide the Seeker into the new
passageway to the bubble source. Suddenly the
Seeker is swept downward as if pulled by a giant
magnet. You lose consciousness. When you
awake, you are in a well-lighted and comfortable
room. Three people are standing close to you.
They look normal and appear to be friendly.
The middle one speaks. "You are in the nether
region of Atlantis. This is a visitors'reception room.

*39
Page 39
^decide to join the Nodoors,56
^decide to remain with the Atlanteans and perhaps get a chance to escape,57
You are led to a room. The floors are a rich
marble. The walls glow. The ceiling is like being
inside a diamond looking through the many facets.
A person who immediately commands respect
beckons you with firmness and kindness to come
to her.
"Welcome to Atlantis. Thousands of years ago
we learned that we were about to slip into the sea.
Our people prepared for the calamity by building a
new city inside an extinct volcano. We have lived
here in peace and harmony ever since. We have
no sunlight, nor stars to gaze at, but we have other
spaces to meditate upon."
She tells you about a group of people called the
Nodoors. 
*40
Page 40
^Next page,41
The Atlanteans have lived in peace for thousands
of years. They have no love of warfare. Their
civilization is technologically very advanced and a
sensing mechanism tells them that you are about
to use your laser cannon. They quickly fire a special beam at the Seeker that makes all its functions
stop. You are now powerless to escape. They walk
up calmly to the Seeker and tell you to come with
them to Atlantis.
"You are now part of Atlantis. We understand
your fear, but do not be frightened. No harm will
come to you and your life will be full. Follow us."
As you walk with them, into a new world, you
wonder if you will ever see the sky again.
The End


*41
Page 41
^agree to the operation,58
^go to the zoo,59
You are greeted by a group of people who look
like ordinary human beings except that there are
gill-like slits on their necks. Their bare feet have
skin between the toes forming a web. They order
you to put on your sea suit, pull you quickly from
the Seeker, and lead you towards their city. On the
way they show you the zoo where there are animals from the world above the sea. There is a
glass-like cage surrounding them filled with air,
allowing them to live below the sea.
The leader of the group explains that if you wish
you may either submit to an operation to have gills
inserted so that you may breathe underwater, or
you may join the other animals in the zoo.



*42
Page 42
^Next page,43
Back aboard the Seeker, you radio the Maray
that you are surfacing to make a plan. While rising
out of the giant crevice-like canyon, you spot what
appears to be a road running along the top of the
ledge. What is this? The scientists aboard the
Maray had mentioned the possibilities of finding
signs of the ancient civilization, such as roads. You
must investigate.


Turn to page 6.


*43
Page 43
^decide to leave your new friends and search for the ruler,60
^decide to help your new friends escape,61
You escape being seen by the submarine craft.
Following the instructions you enter a passageway. At the end of the passageway is an airlock
door and beyond it an incredibly large air-filled
cavern. Perhaps it is the inside of an extinct volcano.
The land is pleasant, although strange to your
experience. A soft substance covers the ground. It
seems to be alive. You can'
t tell. A gentle light
comes from the sides of this huge cavern. It reminds you of early morning light just before the
sun rises.
A group of people approach you with friendly
gestures. They are wearing simple clothes much
like the clothes people wore in ancient Greece.
They are kind and generous. You remove your
diving suit to find that the air is good to breathe.
These people speak a language that is unknown
to you, but one of them acts as an interpreter. You
find out that this is Atlantis. They tell you it is
governed by a man who is greedy, selfish, and
dangerous. The people are like slaves. Everyone is
unhappy except a few who serve the ruler as his
lieutenants. These new friends ask for your help.
Perhaps you can help them escape.



*44
Page 44
^decide to wait on board the Seeker for help from the Maray,64
Quickly you get into the Seeker in an attempt to
escape the strange submarine. You notice that the
sub is chasing you so you put on full emergency
ascent power. You could use your laser cannon to
blast the sub, but you do not wish to hurt anyone.
The ascent towards the surface is swift, but a few
fathoms from the surface all systems on the Seeker
fail. You are suspended in the water in a helpless
position. It seems that a mysterious force has disabled you.


*45
Page 45
^decide to descend into the hole,65
^decide it is time to go back up to the surface,66
s cabin. Clay jugs
Cautiously you enter the ship'
called amphorae, once filled with oils and wines, are
strewn about. There are no remains of the crew.
You do have a sense of being in ancient Greece
and it is a strange feeling.
A door leads to a smaller cabin. On a table near
the rear of this cabin is a golden box. You open it
and find the remains of a map. It does not show
Atlantis. It shows that the ship was searching for a
hole that leads to the center of the earth!
You return to the Seeker and use the map to
locate this incredible shaft to the center of the
earth. Using some guesswork to interpret the map,
you discover the tunnel opening, which appears to
be roughly 100 feet in diameter. The sonar
readings indicate the hole has no bottom.



*46
Page 46
^Next page,47
The trip back to the surface is smooth, and
finally the Seeker is hauled aboard the Maray. You
climb out and are greeted by the scientists and
crew. The Seeker is prepared for the second dive,
but suddenly the wind rises and the sea kicks up
into furious waves that crash over the deck of the
Maray. All hands rush to prepare for hurricane
force winds. There is no chance for the second
dive to begin. All day and all night the Maray
pitches on the stormy sea.
The next morning the wind has died and the sky
clear. You are now ready to dive again.


Turn to page 48.


*47
Page 47
^Next page,48
A helicopter is sent to pick you up and return
you to an air base for a flight back to the United
States. Newspaper reports indicate that the search
for Atlantis has been given up. Several months
later, however, a group of scientists get in touch
with you because they believe that Atlantis can be
found. They have put together another expedition
and want you to join it. You are tempted. Adventure into the unknown is what you like.
The End


*48
Page 48
Again the Seeker is lowered over the side of the
Maray and slips into the ocean. Fish swim by peering cautiously at you in your metal shell. The sunlight fades as you descend into the abyss.
You are headed for the giant canyon below that
might lead to Atlantis. When you reach the canyon
you switch on the Seeker's searchlight. Immediately you spot the round hole that appears to
be made by intelligent beings. Perhaps it leads to
Atlantis.


Turn to page 9.


*49
Page 49
^Next page,50


*50
Page 50
^dive again the next day,67
^want to rest a few days and make emergency plans,68
You are dizzy from lack of oxygen and fatigue.
With your knife you slash away at the heavy brown
kelp that surrounds you. Bit by bit, you seem to be
getting free. Then suddenly you shoot up through
the last clinging pieces of seaweed and reach the
surface. You fire the special signal flare and the
crew of the Maray quickly spot you. Within a few
moments you are safely aboard, surrounded by
your friends. What a relief to be out of that nightmare world!



*51
Page 51
^use your money for another expedition,72
^decide to retire and lead a life of ease,74
The three people of Atlantis sense your wish to
return to the surface. Instantly, they produce a
bubble-shaped capsule and put you inside.
"Farewell, earth person. May you live a long
and prosperous life."
You shoot up swiftly through the sea and break
out onto the surface near the Maray. The capsule
that protected you disintegrates upon reaching the
surface. Once aboard the Maray, you tell the crew
and the scientists about your adventure. They are
kind to you, but no one believes you. They think
you have imagined the world of Atlantis as a result
of being so deep for so long.
Back in the United States, you begin a television
tour telling about Atlantis. You write articles and a
book. You are paid a great deal of money for this
work. You are tempted to use this money for
another expedition.



*53
Page 53
^try to swim out of the whirlpool,69
^dive into the vortex of the whirlpool hoping to reach the bottom and get out,70
The worst thing you could do would be to panic.
You relax and drift with the current which suddenly takes you upward. With your knife, you cut
through the kelp and are free. What a relief.
But no sooner do you get out of the kelp, than
you are caught in the vortex of a giant whirlpool!



*54
Page 54
^Next page,55


*55
Page 55
^submit to the injection,71
^decline,73
The three people lead you into an enormous
cavern. In the center of the cavern is a huge,
silver-colored machine. It is shaped like a long tube
with several round panels attached to one end.
They lead you inside. It is the most advanced
control room that you have ever seen. Computers,
sensing devices, recording devices, monitors, and
a host of dials and panels fill the room. A strangely
shaped figure with a very large head and totally
blank eyes faces you.
"So, now you are in the control room of Atlantis. You see our secret. We landed on this planet
3000 years ago. We used our anti-matter device to
sink this continent beneath the sea so we could
escape from your people. You can have a most
pleasant and useful life here with us if you wish. All
you need to do is allow us to inject you with a
special serum to enable you to live down here. It is
up to you. On the other hand, if you do not wish to
be one of us, you will be held prisoner."



*56
Page 56
^decide to escape,75
^decide to accept their offer,76
"I wish to join the Nodoors," you tell your
guide. He leads you to the outskirts of the city.
"I must leave you now. Good luck." The
Nodoors send a greeting party that is heavily
armed. They are suspicious of you and believe that
you are a spy sent by the Atlanteans. They look
exactly like the Atlanteans, but they rarely smile.
"Come with us. You must be questioned.
Perhaps you will work for us."
For 3 days you are questioned and kept in a
small room without windows. These people are
not kind and you believe that you have made a
mistake. They ask you to help them spy on the
Atlanteans. They suggest that, as a spy, you could
pass freely between both groups.



*57
Page 57
^decide to stay and spend your life searching out the history and secrets of Atlantis,77
^decide to escape,79
You decide to remain with the Atlanteans. Their
approach to life seems ideal. Time is spent in creating things to help life and not to destroy it. You
believe their leader is speaking the truth when she
tells of avoiding war and of not hating.
You are fascinated by this apparently ideal
world. You would like to stay and search out the
history of how Atlantis became what it is and what
caused the split between the Atlanteans and the
Nodoors. Yet, in your mind remains the hope of
escape so that you can go back to your own world.



*58
Page 58
^Next page,59
A large white light shines down on you as you lie
on the operating table. Then you become unconscious. Pleasant thoughts, sounds, and pictures
occupy your mind. When you awake, you feel no
pain nor any real change. But, now you can
breathe underwater and join the Atlanteans in
their world.
For several weeks you explore the world under
the sea as you never have seen it before. Without
the heavy oxygen equipment on your back, you
feel a marvelous sense of energy and you glide
through a world of beauty. Your two guides have
become very good friends and they take you on
adventures in the deep, exploring the ocean bottom and getting to know the fish and other sea
creatures. It is a very exciting life indeed. You like
it, but you regret that you will never again know
the world above the sea.
The End


*59
Page 59
"No, I refuse to have this insane operation. I
t want to become a fish!"
don'
The Atlanteans try to convince you that life with
them will be happy, useful, and long. Yet, you still
refuse. Sadly they give up their arguments and
spray you with a special mist that immediately
knocks you out. Several hours later you gain your
senses only to find that you are in an underwater
air tank where you breathe naturally. Your closest
neighbor is a horse who looks at you with sorrow
and understanding. The Atlanteans have built a
small apartment very much like the ones in the
world above the sea. People come by and look at
you and talk with you.
Maybe you have made a real mistake. They no
longer want you to join them in their world and
way of life. You refused their offer and now you
are a prisoner in a zoo.
The End


*60
Page 60
^decide to accept the king's offer and work for him,80
^decide to refuse and go back to join the other people,82
t take you long to find the king. One of
It doesn'
his countless agents leads you to him. He is in a
small simple room with a strange light glowing
from the rounded ceiling.
"So, you have found your way here after all. Put
s
t hurt you." The king'
your mind at rest. I won'
booming voice startles you. He invites you to sit
down.
After several hours with the king, you find him to
be bright, friendly, and interesting. Maybe the Atlanteans are wrong about this person.
He offers you a chance to join his government.
He tells you that most people are lazy and selfish
and deserve to be ruled with power and command. He has been king for almost 1000 years
and he has survived because he is not afraid to be
tough. He wants you to be an advisor on his staff.



*61
Page 61
^accept their wish to become their leader,81
^decide to help them in the planning but also to escape from this sad world,86
The problem is where do they escape to? The
king is in charge. He rules the world below the sea
and his spies are everywhere. The only answer is
to devise a plan to capture the king and put him in
prison.
The people are frightened. Some citizens tried
to revolt years before and are still in prison. The
king is smart and suspicious of everyone.
You suggest a plan to put on a festival with a
play. On a given signal the actors and the people in
the audience will rise up and seize the king. The
actors will be carrying real weapons, but no one
will suspect them because they are in the play.
The people like the plan. They ask you to become their leader.



*62
Page 62
^Next page,63


*63
Page 63
^Next page,64
There is one way out, you decide. Leave the
Seeker and try to reach the surface on your own.
You enter the airlock chamber which gives you
access to the ocean. With a quick push off, you
leave the Seeker and swim towards the surface. A
small, yellow life raft is part of your escape equipment. The surface of the sea is calm, but the Maray
is nowhere in sight.
For 2 days and nights you drift in the life raft
under hot sun and sharp starlight. At last a search
helicopter spots you. Finally you are safe.
The exploration of Atlantis will have to depend
on a new diver. Your eyesight has been damaged
by the strange force that immobilized the Seeker.
You career as an underwater adventurer is over.
The End


*64
Page 64
^decide to try and escape,63
^try to hitch a ride on the whale,85
^don't know what to do,87
The best plan is to wait until the Maray locates
t signal the
you with sonar equipment. You can'
ship because none of the Seeker'
s electronic
equipment is working. There is no sign of the
mysterious submarine. Perhaps it has left, now
that you have been chased away from the world of
Atlantis.
Looking out of the thick glass porthole, you see
a giant blue whale heading for you. It looks as
though the whale is going to ram you. Maybe the
other submarine has angered the whale and it is
seeking revenge on any craft near it.
Suddenly the whale hits you full force. The
Seeker is badly damaged. Water begins to trickle
in through the hatch cover. You must abandon the
Seeker. The whale now remains close to the
Seeker watching and waiting.



*65
Page 65
^continue on in this trip to the center of the earth,88
^try to turn back,89
Why not go? Who would believe it? The center
of the earth! You push the control column forward
and dive deep. Soon there is no more water, just a
heavy gas that acts like water. You look at a world
of colors and drifting forms. You pass by layers of
rock and sand. Suddenly you sail into a gooey
mass which almost fouls the Seeker's propellers.
Then the Seeker's engine stops and you are pulled
along through the semi-liquid material by something like gravity or magnetism. You burst through
a thick elastic membrane and enter an area of giant
atoms. Electrons whirl around you at high speed,
but there is plenty of room to maneuver between
these fast-moving particles. The electrons are revolving around a small mass you know is called the
nucleus. You are able to avoid collisions with the
electrons. What a world! Maybe you are having
hallucinations.



*66
Page 66
^Next page,67
You face the fact that it is too dangerous to dive
into a deep hole that might lead to the center of the
earth. It is better judgment to return to the surface
and work out a plan of action.
You give one last look at the opening, check the
Seeker'
s instruments and head up to the surface.
Finally the Seeker breaks through into fresh air
and sunlight and you wait to be picked up by the
Maray.

Turn to page 32.


*67
Page 67
^Next page,68
You insist that you are all right and will dive
again the next day. The scientists try to convince
you that it is foolhardy to go down again so soon.
The captain of the Maray reports that a large storm
system is coming and the next day will probably be
the last day of diving for some time.
Against advice, you enter the Seeker, wave
farewell to all your friends and descend into the
deep. You feel tired but excited.
When you reach the bottom, you decide to
explore the ledge along the deep canyon.


Turn to page 6.


*68
Page 68
^Next page,69
A violent storm is reported heading your way.
The captain decides to move the Maray to the
shelter of a nearby island harbor. It is too dangerous to remain where you are. Deckhands lash the
Seeker securely to the deck of the Moray and you
get underway.
The storm breaks before you can reach the
island harbor. The Seeker is torn loose and lost
overboard. The monitors aboard the Maray are
damaged by a frightful electric storm discharge.
You are all alive but there are no funds to replace
the damaged equipment. The expedition to Atlantis is over.
The End


*69
Page 69
^use your laser pistol to blast a hole in the whirlpool wall,97
^continue to struggle,98
It is no use. The whirlpool has you in its grip.
You feel your arms and legs being torn in every
direction. There is no way out. Round and round
you go.



*70
Page 70
^try to return to the surface,99
^set out to explore this strange area,100
t swim out of the
You decide that you can'
whirlpool. There is only one thing to do. Dive deep
into the center.
You kick several times and hurl yourself into the
center of the whirlpool. Lights and colors dance
before your eyes. You lose all track of where you
are. You find yourself standing on the ocean floor.
You can look up through the center of the
whirlpool and see the sky more than 2000 feet
above you. It is a tiny patch of blue.



*71
Page 71
^decide to travel with them in space and time,90
^decide to stay in Atlantis as a worker,91
Perhaps you are being foolish, but you decide to
join them. The injection is painless and you feel no
different than before. They lead you to a comfortable room where you all share a special tea in
celebration of your decision.
"You see, all living beings are basically the
same. Everything is connected in life. We have
come from a different planet in search of other
living beings. We have to be very careful about
taking new people to our planet. Some of your
people seek us out, just like you. We choose carefully."
You are amazed at what they say. A choice is
given to you. You can either journey with them
through time and space to their planet, or you can
remain in underwater Atlantis as a worker recording information about life on earth.



*72
Page 72
^wait patiently to be observed and asked in,94
The only way to prove that you are not crazy is
to lead another expedition back to Atlantis. You
take all the money from the TV appearances and
articles and outfit a boat, hire a crew, rent the
Seeker, and set sail. Most people think that you are
out of your mind. You will show them.
Poised over the spot you so carefully marked on
the charts, you dive down in the Seeker. Again you
find the hidden grotto and the round metal panel.
The panel seems to seal off a passageway. It is
locked. You try to open it with the Seeker'
s drilling
arm, but it will not budge. It is frustrating to be so
close to the secret and yet so far from it.


Should you blast the panel with
the laser beam? If so, turn to page 93.

*73
Page 73
^Next page,74
The idea of being injected with a serum and
joining them for the rest of your life is awful. You
must plan an escape.
When your captors are not looking, you slip
away and dash for the door of the space craft. You
fail to notice a laser beam guarding the exit hatch.
Stepping into the laser beam, you freeze in midstep. The Atlanteans gather round you sadly and
tell you that you will have to remain this way for the
earth equivalent of 23 years and 61 days until the
effects wear off. Then you will be given a second
chance.
The End


*74
Page 74
^don' t like this ending,107
You argue with yourself for several weeks about
setting out on a new expedition. Money is not the
issue. You fear that finding Atlantis will ruin it for
the Atlanteans. You believe that their civilization
must be protected. You decide to use the money
you have made to carry on research on space and
life on planets in other galaxies. Someday perhaps
you will meet the Atlanteans in space.
The End


*75
Page 75
Escape will be difficult, but you decide that you
must get away from these people. The best plan is
to tell them that you want to accept their offer to
spy on the Atlanteans. They are of course happy
when you tell them that you will work for them.
"You see, the Atlanteans are jealous of us. We
must be on our guard or else they will invade our
area and capture us."
t believe the Atlanteans are at all jealYou don'
ous of the Nodoors, but you won'
t argue. They
take you back to the outskirts of their area, and you
leave to join the Atlanteans. Once back with the
Atlanteans, you ask them to allow you to live with
them. You know that you will never be allowed to
leave their underwater world, but there is always
the hope for escape. It could be a good life.
The End


*76
Page 76
^don' t like this ending,108
ll join you and spy on
ll do it," you say. "I'
"Ok, I'
the Atlanteans for you. Who knows, maybe they
aren'
t as bad as you think."
The Nodoors are delighted that you will help
them. They give you a room in a large building
where most of them live. It is grey and forbidding,
more like a prison than anything else. That night
when all are asleep, you sit sleepless and realize
that you are caught in a trap of your own making. It
comes to you that the Nodoors are from a different
planet and are unhappy outcasts. The Atlanteans
want nothing to do with them. You chose the
wrong side.
The End


*77
Page 77
Maybe you can learn from the Atlanteans how
they achieve such happiness in their lives. You will
seek out their history.
When you announce your decision to stay, you
are treated with kindness and friendship. You explain that you would like to help in their underwater food production.
Atlantis was an advanced civilization thousands
of years ago. The citizens nourished their peaceful
thoughts and plucked out their hateful thoughts as
one would tend a garden. Their minds became a
rich and dazzling universe, clear and unbounded.
You have so much to do, helping with sea plants
and studying their history that you soon forget the
Seeker.
The End


*78
Page 78


*79
Page 79
^Next page,80
When you get a chance and everyone is doing
other things, you dash for the tunnel exit and make
it out into the water. No alarms sound. No one
chases you. It is strange; they said they wouldn'
t
allow you to return to the world above the sea.
Why are they letting you escape?
You swim toward the surface; then you black
out. It is too deep. No one could survive the pressure and lack of oxygen. But a miracle has happened because you suddenly find yourself hacking
away at brown seaweed that surrounds you and
you are just a short way from the surface.


Turn to page 50.


*80
Page 80
^Next page,81
An advisor to a king! What a chance. Maybe the
king has ruled so long that he is out of touch with
the people. Perhaps as his advisor you can help
the people get what they want. You don'
t believe
that people are lazy and selfish. The king just needs
a new point of view.
s special advisor on
You are appointed the king'
problems of research on food and shelter. You
immediately call general meetings of all the people
to discuss the food program and the work
schedules. The king is so glad to have someone
else take over the problems that he leaves it in your
hands entirely. He gives you land and a large
salary. You set up new programs and schedules.
The people are involved in the planning and the
work. You listen to their complaints and their
ideas. Life under the sea is rich and full. The
people are hard working and good. It was a wise
decision to remain.
The End


*81
Page 81
^allow them to capture you,116
^try to escape,117
You do not wish to lead a revolt but the people
need you. You organize the play, and the king is
pleased to have his people involved in a project
that keeps them busy and happy. The people can'
t
wait for the day when they can put the king in
prison and make their own decisions.
The night of the play, the theater is filled, and
everyone waits for the king to appear. But there is
a delay. The crowd grows nervous. Then a messenger from the king runs into the theater and
announces that the king has had a serious attack of
brain fever. He may not live.
You wonder whether the king is really ill or
whether he has found out about the plot against
him. The people are confused and do not know
what to do. They turn to you and you tell them to
go on with the play. Just then, a squad of the king'
s
soldiers enter the theater. They are headed for
you.



*82
Page 82
^decide to work with them in this time of disaster,112
^decide to take advantage of this emergency to escape,114
Advisor to a mean king? Not a chance! You tell
him that you want nothing to do with a tyrant who
doesn'
t believe in people. You tell him to his face
that the people are unhappy and angry. He laughs
and tells you to go back to them if you wish. He
warns you that the people are complainers, not
workers.
Once back with your new friends, you discuss
how to overthrow the king and his henchmen. You
hold secret meetings and work out a plan. But on
the day of the overthrow, someone discovers a
leak in the volcano wall of the underwater world.
The entire civilization is in danger. All thoughts of
revolt are forgotten. The Atlanteans must stop the
sea from crashing in on them. Everyone works for
a common purpose. Survival is the goal.



*83
Page 83
^Next page,84


*84
Page 84
^Next page,85


*85
Page 85
^Next page,86
People ride dolphins, and you have met scuba
divers who reported they held onto the flukes of
whales for short rides. It sounds crazy, but this may
be your only way of escape. You leave the Seeker,
swim to the whale, and grab its fluke. With a
smooth powerful movement, the giant mammal
begins to swim to the surface. You have trouble
holding on. Then the whale breaks the surface and
lies there filling its lungs with air. You quietly swim
away.
You drift for 2 or 3 days, dozing and waking
comfortably. You stay warm in your insulated sea
suit and its special air packs keep you afloat. You
are hungry and thirsty, but unharmed by the time
the search helicopter spots you bobbing in the
waves.
The End


*86
Page 86
It is their world, but you are willing to help them
with the planning for the overthrow of the king.
You want no real part in the revolt.
The planning requires choosing new leaders
and setting goals for the people. You almost decide to join them in the actual revolt, but you really
want to get back to your own world. Once the
revolt is underway, you hope to slip away and
return to the Seeker for a quick escape to the
surface of the ocean.
The day of the revolt, you can'
t resist the excitement of the Atlanteans'bold enterprise, and
you decide to stay with them and help in any way
that you can. The endless planning and training
pays off. The carefully selected band of men and
women easily capture the king and his guards. The
revolt has succeeded without shedding a drop of
blood and the people celebrate for days.
The Atlanteans treat you as if you are one of
them, and, for the first time, you feel that you are.
The End


*87
Page 87
t know what to do.
You admit that you just don'
t
The whale is frightening looking and you don'
have any escape plans. So you wait and watch and
listen.
After what seems a long time, but is probably
just a few minutes, the mysterious submarine returns, attaches a cable to the Seeker, and pulls you
up to the surface. Then the submarine vanishes
under the waves leaving you to wait for the Maray.
The End


*88
Page 88
^try to turn back from this strange world,95
^decide to travel in thought-time-space,96
The electrons whirl about at dizzy speeds and
you continue until you get to a spot where your
instruments indicate that there is no time. The
clocks stop, the speed indicator stops, your heart
stops, and yet you are alive. Every sense in your
body seems more alive than ever before. You hear
beautiful music and see lights that you feel and
taste as well. Peace and well-being fill you.
You become aware of other beings close to you.
No one has entered through the only hatch and yet
there are other presences in the Seeker. Turning
around, you see three Atlanteans. Then you feel
that the Seeker has become just a thought and that
the people from Atlantis have entered your mind
and are aboard the Seeker. You try to enter their
thoughts, but they tell you that you have not journeyed far enough yet to be able to become a
thought-traveler.



*89
Page 89
^Next page,90
No, you will not dive down toward the center of
the earth. Once through the thin outer layer of the
earth, you know that the regions beneath change
from solid to molten and then to a hard core. At
least that is the theory given by the scientists. You
couldn'
t possibly survive such a journey. Anyway,
you think that your sonar gear is probably not
t
working correctly. The hole is deep, but you don'
believe that it really goes all the way to the center of
the earth. Caution is your approach. You go back
to the surface to consult with the scientists aboard
the Moray.
The scientists tell you that their instruments have
been damaged, perhaps by an approaching storm,
and they too, are cautious. They decide to move
the Maray away from the site of the mysterious
hole. The expedition retreats and you know your
chance to discover Atlantis has slipped away.
The End


*90
Page 90
^decide to stay in your body form,101
^decide to be transformed into an energy shape,102
"I will go with you. I want to see other parts of
the universe."
"Congratulations. You will not regret this. We
are ready to depart."
They take you to a small room and three of them
stand with you under a beam of intense light. You
feel a rush of speed, and yet you are not moving.
You feel as though you have traveled hundreds of
thousands of miles in space. You rush past the sun,
past and through the Milky Way, and on into other
galaxies. Yet, you feel as though you are still standing in the same spot.
Then you are on the planet Aygr where the
Atlanteans came from. It is a world of fantastic
shapes and strange plants. The city gleams like a
thousand search lights. The shapes that must be
their buildings are pure light pulsing with energy.
Nothing is hard or sharp. Everything is light. You
see no people, just forms of brighter light that
move. Suddenly, some of the moving forms
change into Atlanteans.
"Our bodies are not important. It is our energy
that is important. You can see us in our body forms
if you wish, but we only use them to communicate
with people like you. You may choose to remain as
you are or accept transformation."


*91
Page 91
^decide to become an underwater farmer,103
^decide to become a musician,104
You have had enough adventure for now.
Travel to another planet in a different galaxy
sounds like more risk than you wish to take. Besides, you can always go later.
You tell the people that you wish to stay and
work in their society. Perhaps your knowledge of
the sea can help them. They discuss your case very
seriously for several days. When they are through
talking, they offer you a choice of jobs in Atlantis.
You may become a farmer or a musician.



*93
Page 93
^Next page,94
ll try to blast the hatch right off its hinges.
You'
You have the power. Your finger presses the red
button that fires the laser cannon. A blinding flash
erupts immediately. But the hatch remains firm.
You fire again and again and again. Each time the
Seeker is rocked by the force of the laser cannon.
The reflected energy is damaging to your craft.
You continue to fire the cannon, holding your
finger on the button.
Then there is a blinding flash inside the Seeker
itself. The laser cannon has exploded. You and the
Seeker are destroyed instantly. The hatch remains
closed.
The End


*94
Page 94
^follow,105
^refuse to follow them,106
It is never good to use force unless you are
attacked and must defend yourself. You refuse
even to consider using the laser cannon; it might
kill people and would certainly destroy any chance
for friendship. You decide to wait patiently and
hope that you will be noticed and invited in.
For six hours you sit quietly and wait for some
sign. A green glow comes from the area ahead of
you. It bathes the Seeker in a gentle light. The
hatch door opens. Three figures emerge and
beckon to you to follow them.



*95
Page 95
^Next page,96
This is too much for you. It is like a nightmare
and you decide to turn back. But going back is
much harder than you expected. The electrons
whirl closer and closer to you as though they were
guards keeping you from leaving. It is difficult to
guide the Seeker in this maze of atoms. The instruments are useless now. The figures of the Atlanteans disappear. Suddenly, you are caught in
the elastic membrane that almost stopped you
before. It sticks to the Seeker, holding you back.
You want to be free and return to the world you
have known all your life.
You lose consciousness and wake up several
hours later in your sea suit floating above the hole
re
in the ocean floor. The Seeker is gone. You'
dazed: did you dream the whole thing? Slowly you
return to the surface, but the Maray has disappeared. You can'
t decide how much time has
elapsed. You realize that your crew must think you
are lost forever and you know they are right. The
waves rock your unresisting body back and forth
as you float alone in the vast sea. You feel your
strength slowly draining away.
The End


*96
Page 96
^decide to drop out of thought travel and return to earth life,110
A thought traveler! You realize that people do it
all the time in day dreams. Of course, you want to
be a thought traveler, but how?
The Atlanteans speak softly and tell you that all
things are the same— past, present, future are all
the same. It simply requires you to concentrate
and put your thoughts where you wish them to be.
You try, and amazingly you are rapidly rushed
through time to the day you were born, then to the
day you made your first deep-sea dive. Your mind
flies from one time in your life to another. But
when it comes to the future, you meet a blank wall.
You can'
t seem to travel into the future.
t I travel ahead in time," you ask the
"Why can'
Atlanteans.
"Be patient," they reply. "All in good time."
Suddenly you whirl through time into the outer
reaches of the universe where you can actually feel
the light going through you. You cast no shadow.
A sense of peace fills you.



*97
Page 97
^Next page,98
You have a laser pistol that you carry for
emergencies. You blast a hole in the whirlpool wall
and dive through it. Facing you is a school of fish
who are puzzled by this strange intruder. Behind
them lurks the form of a shark. You swim toward
the surface slowly and the shark vanishes into the
deep.
The Maray is nowhere in sight. You are wonderll be waiting when a loud splashing how long you'
ing sighing sound startles you. A huge whale has
surfaced and lies nearby spouting and sucking in
great noisy draughts of air. It take you a good half
hour to swim to the enormous creature. It pays no
attention to you. You climb onto its tail and crawl
on hands and knees toward the highest point of its
s like creeping up a gigantic grey rock.
back. It'
From your vantage point on top, sure enough,
you can see the Moray and the tiny glint of binocular lenses reflecting in the sun. The Maray crew is
watching the whale. You wave, feeling certain they
have seen you. It won'
t be long before they come
to collect you.
The End


*98
Page 98
You faint, and when you come to, you are
floating on the surface of the ocean. There is a
heavy ocean swell and the sun beats down on you.
The whirlpool must have stopped as quickly and
mysteriously as it began. You feel dizzy and
exhausted and you move gently to make sure you
t broken any bones. As you move your
haven'
head slowly inside your helmet, you feel an intense
pain shooting across your right temple. You have
to lie very still then and gradually your ears pick up
the thrum of the search helicopter. You don'
t dare
move to look, but as the minutes go by, the thrum
gets louder and slowly disappears. The helicopter
t return this way. The
has passed over you. It won'
pain in your temple increases. You begin to lose
consciousness.
The End


*99
Page 99
The walls of the whirlpool look like solid ridges
sloping upwards to the surface. The water is rushing so fast that the center looks absolutely calm.
You wonder if perhaps you could swim up through
that calm. It'
s worth a try, and you set off. Before
re making any progress, the
you can tell if you'
whirlpool reverses and instead of whirling down, it
whirls up and catapults you out of the ocean and
into the air. You fall back onto the surface of the
ocean close to the Maray. Although you are
stunned by the fall, you quickly gain your senses
and are picked up by the ship. Of course no one
believes your story, but then even you think it is
almost too fantastic to have happened.
The End


*100
Page 100
The ocean floor has a small metal hatch on it.
You pull with all your strength but it will not open.
You rest for a moment and look through the wall of
water surrounding you. Two fish stare back at you!
It'
s as though you are in an aquarium for the fish to
look at.
t hear the hatch open. A voice comYou don'
mands you to enter. With fear and caution you
walk down a corridor that leads to a small room.
Three people meet you.


Turn to page 55.


*101
Page 101
^Next page,102
t give up your body. It might be all
You just can'
right for the Atlanteans to move about as pure
energy, but you have not reached a point where
you are willing to risk what you are for what they
are.
It is strange wandering about with bright glowing
blobs of energy moving with you. They ask you to
give talks about life on earth as you know it, and
you agree. For two years you meet with the Atlanteans in their energy forms and talk about earth
and how people live and what they do. The Atlanteans are interested in all aspects of earth life: the
technology, politics, wars, and religion.
You ask them why, but they never give you a
direct answer. Then one day you look down at
yourself and you only see bright, glowing energy.
With horror you realize you have become one of
them.
The End


*102
Page 102
You are in the Atlantean world; why not become like an Atlantean? Looking down at your
hands, you see them gradually begin to glow with
a warm, yellow light. Little by little, the glow travels
up your arms and legs until suddenly you have no
body left. You are a glowing energy form. You feel
a sense of freedom and happiness that you have
never known before. You can float, or fly, or zoom
anywhere you want to. No walls stop you; you just
t need food or rest.
melt through them. You don'
You can travel through time, and you can travel
instantly back to earth in your energy form.
You feel that this is the way you want to be.
The End


*103
Page 103
Farming under the sea is a job that you enjoy.
Outside Atlantis, there are fields of sea plants that
are worked on just like gardens above the sea.
Atlanteans go out each day and harvest the plants,
take care of the fields, and chase away the fish that
love to nibble on the growing plants. Then there
are fish pens to work on. There you feed and tend
the fish until they are needed for food. Farming
under the sea is beautiful and it is much easier than
you had imagined. Danger lurks, though, in the
form of sting rays, slender sea snakes, and occasional sharks. You have to be on your guard at all
times.
The End


*104
Page 104
A musician in the world of Atlantis. Who would
believe it? You are asked to choose an instrument
to play. You examine water lutes, sea drums, shark
bone flutes, and a wide range of electronic instruments. You choose one of the electronic instruments, but it makes no sound at all. You are told
that it plays music that people feel rather than hear.
re living in! Who would believe
What a world you'
in music that is not heard? Gradually you learn to
feel the different notes with parts of your body:
your thighs, chest, temples, and fingertips. Your
interest in this new way of sensing music grows
with each day. You master this new art form. You
become their greatest musician.
The End


*105
Page 105
These people lead you to a control room. There
you meet the commander of an underwater scientific center that is conducting secret research into
life underneath the sea. They inform you that it
was a good thing that you did not use your laser
cannon, because they have anti-laser devices that
would have blown you and the Seeker to pieces.
After a pleasant meal and a tour of the deepwater lab, you are sent back to the Seeker for a
return journey to the surface. You are told never to
return again; if you do, you will be kept a prisoner
for the rest of your life.
The End


*106
Page 106
When you refuse to follow them, they take out
small hand-held hypnotizers that put you into a
deep trance. You are led through a long tunnel
into a large underwater lab. Three military technicians come up to you and break the trance.
"You have stumbled into a secret military base.
re developing too many secret plans to risk
We'
being discovered. You will remain our prisoner."
There is no escape.
The End


*107
Page 107
You argue with yourself for weeks. Then you
decide to go back to Atlantis. You are in such a
hurry to return that you hire a small, fast hydrofoil
craft to take you to the spot in the ocean where
Atlantis is. Once reaching the spot, you intend to
make a dive with just scuba gear! You know a
t care;
2000 foot dive is impossible. But you don'
you feel you must make the attempt.
A storm rips the sea for six days and when it
clears you prepare to dive. Just as you slip into the
water, you look up into the sky and high above the
clouds you see the sparkling city of Atlantis. No
dive is necessary.
The End


*108
Page 108
During the night, you are awakened by the
sound of voices talking quietly. Listening, you
realize that a group of Nodoors is planning an
escape. They want to join the Atlanteans. They
believe that life in Atlantis can be better for them.
You join them and listen to the stories of fear and
darkness. They seek light and friendship. It sounds
simple, but nothing is easy.


*109
Page 109
^Next page,110
Suddenly the door bursts open. Three guards
armed with special weapons rush in. They fire the
weapons and in a flash of brilliant light you and
your companions are vaporized.
The End


*110
Page 110
Over 1000 years of thought travel later, you are
called into the main thinking room. You are told
that you may now return to earth life. You have
doubts about going back, but you are curious to
see what changes have occurred while you were
living in Atlantis.
What a sight greets you as you circle earth at an
altitude of 1000 feet! The great cities of the world,
New York, London, Paris, and Hong Kong are
overgrown with vegetation. The roads leading into
the cities are barely visible. But you see signs of
new settlements. There are clusters of buildings
spread out in the countryside. You don'
t see any
smokestacks. There are few roads and no cars.
The people live a simple life providing themselves
with food, shelter, and clothing. You wish to join
them.
The End


*111
Page 111
One day your friends tell you that you can return
to earth if you wish. You consider it carefully and
decide that because of your thought traveling ability, the life you now lead is what you want. You
decide to stay where you are forever.
The End


*112
Page 112
Years ago the Atlanteans had worked out
emergency procedures, but most people had forgotten them. One old person remembers where
the emergency instructions and equipment were
kept.
You and the Atlanteans work without stop for
72 hours pumping out the flooding waters and
building a special retaining wall around the volcanic crack. Finally the last pump is shut off. You
are all exhausted, but you'
ve won in your battle
against the sea.
The End


*114
Page 114
With everyone worried about the sea crashing
in, no one will notice you if you try to escape. You
run down a long, little-used corridor that leads to
the sea. The exit door is heavy and rusty from not
being used. You push with all your might, and
finally it swings open into an airlock to the open
water. You push the emergency release button
and shoot out into the water. The Seeker is where
you left it, and once inside, you head for the surface where the Maray waits for you.
The End


*116
Page 116
It is useless to try to escape the soldiers. You are
surrounded. They take you to the king, and he
sadly tells you that you are just like all the rest. He
can'
t trust anyone. He will have to decide what to
do with you and in the meantime he throws you
into the dungeon.
The End


*117
Page 117
How can you escape? The soldiers are coming
after you. You yell as loud as you can and everyone in the theater surrounds you, forming a barrier
to the soldiers. The soldiers stare at the people all
around them, hesitate, and then quickly leave.
They know that the odds are too great to win such
a fight.
The people cry for the revolt to go on. The
crowd leaves the theater and heads to the king'
s
quarters. All along the route people join you and
even the king'
s soldiers begin to join the crowd.
You and the people are free; the king is put in
prison. The revolt is a success.
The End

www.read.forumsplace.com


