*start
Page 0
^Next page,1
This is a real book written by Richard Brightfield with illustrations by
Anthony Kramer. The source for this copy was www.read.forumsplace.com.
As this is a CYOA, every choice you make will effect your outcome. There is
no way to undo a choice, so think carefully before making each choice. There are over
20 different possible endings. GOOD LUCK!!!


*1
Page 1
^Next page,2
You are relaxing one afternoon after school
when you get a phone call from your uncle
Bruce, a brilliant scientist and world traveler.
"I'm just in from Egypt," he says. "I have to get
some new equipment to continue my investigations of the Pyramids. How would you like to go
back with me for a few weeks?"
You have always envied Bruce—dashing off to
exotic places in the Middle East and the Orient,
sometimes vanishing for months at a time. It
doesn't take you long to make up your mind to
go.

Go on to page 2.


*2
Page 2
^Next page,3
The next few days are a blur of preparations.
Before you know it, you and Bruce are on a TWA
jet heading for Rome on the first leg of the trip to
Cairo.
On the plane, your uncle explains his plan to
place special instruments in a chamber under the
center of the largest pyramid at Giza. He hopes to
test the pyramid's effect on the paths of cosmic
rays—rays made up of high-speed particles from
space that usually penetrate deep into the
ground.
"If my theory is correct," he says, "these rays
could be concentrated by the pyramid to produce
an unlimited amount of energy."
While Bruce is talking, you notice that a man
nearby is straining to hear him. No doubt he's just
curious. He is strange-looking, though!
In Rome you change to an Egyptair jet You are
startled to notice the same man from the other jet
aboard your Cairo-bound plane.
"I will have lots of red tape to take care of at the
airport when we land," says Bruce. "Why don't
you just breeze through customs and take a cab
to the Star and Crescent Hotel, where we're staying? My assistant, Andrea, will be waiting there
for you. She can get you settled in our room
while my equipment is unloaded from the plane."
As soon as you land, Bruce is off to the baggage area, leaving you alone in a foreign land. As
if that isn't enough, the stranger from the plane
appears and hands you a small, folded piece of
paper, then dashes toward the taxi stand outside
the terminal.


*3
Page 3
^try to follow him,13
Quickly you unfold the note. Scrawled in red
ink are the words "Beware the Sphinx."
You have heard about the statue of the Sphinx
next to the Pyramids. But why should you beware of it? The thought occurs to you that
"sphinx" could be a code word and not refer to
the actual Sphinx at all. Maybe the note is a
meaningless hoax. On the other hand, it could
spell danger for you and Bruce.
You remember the time you felt an urge to get
off a bus in your hometown—just before it was hit
by a truck. Now you have a hunch that you
should follow this man.


*4
Page 4
^threaten to go to another hotel unless the clerk changes your room,32
^decide you're imagining things and let the clerk talk you into taking your original room,36
There's no telling what kind of trouble you
might get into if you just run off after this guy
without really knowing where you are going.
You toss your bag into the back of a cab.
"Star and Crescent Hotel," you tell the driver.
When you arrive, Andrea is waiting for you in
the lobby. She helps you check in.
The bellboy insists on carrying your bag, even
though you are traveling light. As you leave the
elevator and head for your room, you could
swear that the door, which was slightly ajar,
closed as you approached. Maybe it was the
wind, but the air seems very still. And after that
warning note at the airport, you don't want to
take any chances.
"Wait," you say. "I don't want this room. I
don't like the location."
The bellboy looks confused, and Andrea
seems shocked. You haven't had a chance to tell
her about the note.
"I'll explain later," you tell Andrea. "Right now
I'm going to go back down to the lobby and ask
for a different room."
But at the check-in desk, the clerk will not listen
to you. What will you do?


*5
Page 5
^Next page,31
"They must have hit us with a grenade,"
Mohammed says. "It's a good thing this limo is
armor-plated."
Mohammed has been on the two-way police
radio from the moment you jumped into the car.
Now information comes back that the police are
surrounding the area.
"They won't catch anyone," says Mohammed.
"These terrorists are professionals. They will disappear back into the old quarter of the city in a
matter of minutes."
Two police jeeps arrive almost immediately. Policemen begin to fan out around the area, You
and Mohammed transfer to one of the jeeps, and
it speeds off to Inspector Ahmed's villa, its siren
wailing.

Turn to page 31.


*7
Page 7
^Next page,62
Bruce finally agrees to let you stay awhile
longer. "But we'll have to be very careful," he
warns.
Neither of you is in the mood to go back to
sleep. You leave a note under Andrea's door and
go down to the lobby. Even though it is only the
earliest dawn, the back streets of Cairo are bustling with activity. At one of the broader intersections, you find a cab and direct the driver to take
you to Giza.
When you arrive, an Egyptian friend of your
uncle is already there: Mr. Hassan, the Egyptian
Director of Antiquities. It was Hassan who first
persuaded your uncle to come to Egypt many
years ago.
The three of you look down into the deep pit
that contains the entrance to the tunnel under the
pyramid. Nearby the Sphinx sits in its ageless
pose.
"We had a slight problem finishing the tunnel,"
says Hassan. "The workmen claimed that the
Sphinx itself spoke to them, saying 'Beware the
Sphinx.'"

Turn to page 62.


*8
Page 8
^accept Mohammed's invitation turn to page 34. If the narrow passageways are making you feel closed in,74
The driver steps out
"This is Mohammed," says the inspector, introducing his bodyguard. "Enjoy your sight-seeing."
Mohammed drives you out to the famous Pyramids at Giza. A group of tourists is gathering at
the foot of the largest one.
"Why don't we join this group?" suggests
Mohammed. "It is the safest way, and you will
find it informative."
You have never liked official tours of any sort—
you are too independent—but you see the logic
of Mohammed's suggestion. As the group starts
into the pyramid, you and Mohammed fall in
behind. You enter a low, narrow passageway
which leads to a large gallery with a high ceiling.
The guide begins a long, dull lecture.
"Do we have to follow this tour?" you ask
Mohammed.
"If I may presume to suggest an alternative,"
says Mohammed, "I myself was once employed
as a guide in this very pyramid. 
*10
Page 10
^Next page,63
Just as you get to the wall, a panel opens and
reveals a lighted niche. Inside is a very elaborate
and jeweled costume—a ceremonial costume of
ancient Egypt. The humming grows even louder
now. You feel compelled to exchange your
clothes for the long robe, the headdress, and the
sandals in front of you. You put them on. You
want to stop yourself, but you can't.

Turn to page 63.


*11
Page 11
^Next page,75
Bruce seemingly agrees to cooperate, and Ptah
is delighted. Bruce is sent under guard to work in
the laboratory located in a vast complex under
the pyramid.
A few days later, Bruce manages to talk to you
without the guards overhearing.
"The Russian scientists were also kidnapped,"
whispers Bruce. "Fortunately I can speak a little
Russian. We're trying to come up with a way to
escape."
Three weeks later, the ray gun is ready for its
first formal test. You, Bruce, and the Russians—
as well as Ptah and his top henchmen—mount a
large ceremonial stand in front of the pyramid. As
Ptah watches the barrel of the ray gun emerge
from the top of the pyramid, Bruce slips something into your hand.
"Put these plugs in your ears when I give you
the signal," Bruce whispers.
Technicians inside the pyramid throw the
switches to activate the ray gun. A low whirring
sound fills the air. It rises in pitch as it gets
louder—louder and louder, and higher and
higher. Soon it begins to hurt your ears. Your
arms and legs become numb, and your vision
starts to blur.

Turn to page 75.


*12
Page 12
^Next page,44
"Inspector . . . Inspector Ahmed!" sputters the
clerk.
"What is the trouble here?" asks the inspector.
"My uncle has been kidnapped from the
hotel," you say.
"Is your uncle Professor Hockney?" asks the
inspector.
"How did you know?"
"I have been watching this hotel since he arrived. I was afraid something like this might happen."
"I think I saw the kidnappers in a truck behind
the hotel," you report anxiously.
You and the inspector run to the back entrance
of the hotel, but the truck is gone.

Turn to page 44.


*13
Page 13
^Next page,37
The strange man is already in a cab when you
reach the stand in front of the terminal. You manage to jump into the next cab in line.
"Do you speak English?" you ask.
"I speak much English, meestehr."
"Good, then follow that cab," you tell him.
Your cab weaves in and out of the heavy traffic,
with its horn blaring constantly. Your driver just
barely misses one car after another. However, he
does manage to keep less than a block behind the
other car.
The fast-moving traffic slows to a snail's pace
once you get into an older section of the city. The
cab you are following stops, and the strange man
gets out. You hand your driver a couple of American bills, hoping they cover your fare. Fortunately, the driver seems more than pleased as you
leave the cab.
You can barely see through the thick crowd,
but you do catch a glimpse of the man you are
following. He is entering what looks like a cafe.
You push your way over to the entrance.

Turn to page 37.


*14
Page 14
^Next page,106
You tell Ahmed that you would rather go back
to the hotel, try to find Andrea, and get her
opinion before you do anything.
You return to the hotel in a cab and check
Andrea's room. No sign of her. You leave the
hotel not quite knowing what to do.
At the corner a native woman, with a dark veil
covering her head and face, except for the eyes,
beckons from a doorway. You are surprised to
see that her eyes are pale gray. You are even
more surprised when you hear her voice. The
woman is Andrea in disguise!
"Follow me quickly," she says.
You have to run to keep up with her. She leads
you through a labyrinth of teeming alleyways.
Finally you reach a stone building with a heavy,
carved door.

Turn to page 106.


*16
Page 16
^Next page,8
There may be dangers involved, but you can't
let your uncle down. You tell the inspector you
will go with him on the raid.
"We will leave at dawn tomorrow," says
Ahmed. "It is not advisable for you to go back to
your hotel. My personal bodyguard will escort
you today, and tonight he will bring you to my
home, where you will spend the night. Perhaps
you would like to tour the Pyramids today."
"It might keep my mind off Bruce until tomorrow," you say.
"Then let's step outside," Ahmed says.
As you do, a long, black Mercedes limousine
pulls up.
"This car is bulletproof, among other things,"
says Ahmed. "You will find it quite comfortable—
and safe."

Turn to page 8.


*17
Page 17
^Next page,53
You slide down the drainpipe to the balcony
below, and then begin to lower yourself to the
street. You try not to look down. Carefully you
reach around with your foot for whatever footholds you can find sticking out from the building.
It is easier than you had expected.
Finally you make it down to the street. You can
still see the truck. It's only a block away, stuck in
traffic. You push your way through the crowded
street as fast as you can to catch up to it
Out of breath, you reach the back of the truck.
You jump on and struggle with the doors. They
fly open suddenly, and you fall back onto the
street, banging your knee. Hopping painfully on
one leg, you get up and pull yourself into the
truck.

Turn to page 53.


*18
Page 18
^Next page,50
A screen slowly appears in one of the walls,
and what looks like a movie about ancient Egypt
begins. You see a pyramid being built. Workers
scurry about with ropes and long poles. But they
do not carry the huge blocks of stone. The stones
float through the air by themselves!

A few of the workers
carry devices which project a
beam of light onto the blocks
and cause them to rise in the air. Other workers
toss ropes over the enormous floating blocks and
lead them along, while the workers with the poles
push the blocks gently into place. Amazing!

Turn to page 50.


*20
Page 20
Another guard appears at the door of the
room.
"Ahmed won't be coming back," he says. "All
of us left at the villa are members of the Assassins.
We have infiltrated Ahmed's organization."
Two other members of the Assassins enter the
room, guns drawn. They lead you down to a
dungeon in the basement of the villa and chain
you to an iron ring set in the stone wall.
You realize that you're going to be a "guest" of
the Assassins for a very long time.
The End


*21
Page 21
^insist on going along,97
^stay behind,49
"That looks as if it might be a kind of monorail," says Bruce. "See, that big plastic bubble
travels on the rail out through a circular tunnel on
the far side. I've suspected for a long rime that
something like this might exist It confirms a theory of mine that ancient Egyptian culture was
given a big boost by a more advanced one."
The door of the bubble is open, and Bruce
jumps inside. His hand sweeps over the complex
control panel.
"I think I see how this thing works," says Bruce.
"Let's give it a try. Of course, we don't know what
dangers lie ahead. This time," Bruce says to you,
"you definitely should stay behind to go for
help—just in case we don't get back."


*23
Page 23
^decide to risk climbing down the side of the building,17
^decide to get the police,59
It is suddenly very quiet in the next room.
"Bruce, are you all right?" you call through the
door. There is no answer. You throw open the
door. Bruce is gone!
The room is a mess. Sheets trail across the floor
as if a struggle had taken place. In several places
there are drops of blood. The screen covering the
window has been pushed in. There are more
spots of blood on the windowsill and on the small
ledge outside. You look down. There is a fourstory drop to the street.
You rush back into your room and throw on
some clothes. Then back to the window. It is a bit
lighter now. Dawn is just breaking. On the street
you see two men, loading a large basket into the
back of an old panel truck. From this height—and
in the still-dim light—you can't be sure, but something tells you that one of them is the stranger
who gave you the note. You also have a strong
suspicion that your uncle is in the basket. How
did they get him down to the street?
The ledge outside the window extends only a
short distance on either side. There are no other
windows nearby. But there are several small balconies on the second and third floors. There is
also a drainpipe on one side of the ledge. Maybe
you could slide down the drainpipe to the nearest
balcony and then climb down to the street.
You're in a panic. What should you do?

*24
Page 24
^Next page,21
One by one you, Bruce, and Hassan slide
down the rope into the chamber below. It is a
large room. In the center are huge chunks of rock
and other debris that must have fallen from the
ceiling. At one end of the room is a door leading
toanother chamber.
As you approach the door it opens automatically. This startles all of you for a moment. Carefully you peer inside. You are hardly prepared for
what you see.
The room is illuminated with some kind of
strange light. The walls and ceiling are made of a
plastic material with a honeycomb pattern, and
they seem to glow with an inner luminescence. In
the center, perched on a glistening metal rail, is
some kind of futuristic device.

Turn to page 21.


*26
Page 26
^Next page,23
It is very late when you get back to the hotel.
You are weary from the plane trip and the experiences of the day. You fall asleep instantly. Bruce is
in the adjoining room.
At dawn, something startles you awake. You
hear sounds of a struggle in Bruce's room. Quick
as a cat, you spring out of bed and run to the
door.

Turn to page 23.


*27
Page 27
^Next page,68
The throne room is a large circular hall surrounded by ornate columns, decorated in the
style of ancient Egypt.
"Ah, my friends. Sit over here by the fountain,"
says a short man wearing a large turban overloaded with jewels and multicolored feathers.
"I'm so glad that you accepted my invitation to
visit. I see that you two appear to have bumped
your heads together. Most unfortunate. I'll see to
it that my infirmary looks after your injuries."
Turn to page 68.


*28
Page 28
"If it will help me rescue Bruce, I'll join," you
say.
"Then step into the triangle on the ground in
front of you," says the speaker.
You look down. Strange—the triangle has the
same design as the coin you tossed down the
shaft, only much larger. As you step forward, a
strong energy floods through you, and an intense
light surrounds your body. You close your eyes
but the light's brightness does not diminish.
Suddenly you are caught up in a whirlwind and
shot straight up through the pyramid. You look
down and see the pyramid receding below you.
The top of the pyramid has become a huge,
glistening eye, shooting rays of light in all directions. Below it are bands of glowing color. As you
concentrate on the eye, your body seems to dissolve. You become the eye—all-seeing, all-knowing. Your mind expands to encompass the
universe, to fill infinite space. All the mysteries of
existence are now understandable.
Your mind and body return to earth. Suddenly
you know where Bruce is being held. With your
new powers you contact him telepathically. Later
the police are amazed when you are able to lead
them directly to the hideout of the Assassins—
where Bruce has been imprisoned—in one of the
old quarters of Cairo.
From now on, you will find a whole new life of
joy and dangers.
The End


*29
Page 29
^agree to go home,89
^plead with Bruce to let you stay,7
Quickly you wrap the pillow around the snake,
dash to the closet, hurl the snake and pillow
inside, and slam the closet door shut.
You stand for a full minute with your back
against the door. Your heart is still pounding. You
feel weak in the knees as you realize what you've
just done.
You wake your uncle and tell him about the
snake.
"First that warning note—and now this attack!"
exclaims Bruce. "It seems that someone is out to
stop our little expedition by any means."
"But why?" you ask.
"I may be closer than I thought to unlocking
the secret of unlimited energy. At least someone
out there seems to think so. We'd better get you
back to the States before something worse happens."


*30
Page 30
^Next page,5
"Let's get to the car."
"There's an exit to our right that doesn't seem
to be covered," says Mohammed. "I will count to
five. Then we will get up from the table and move
as quickly as we can out that door. Don't run
unless they start shooting, then keep low. Ready?
One, two, three, four, five."
Your feet feel like lead, and even though you
know you are moving as fast as you can, it feels
like slow motion. Somehow you make it through
the exit and into the car. You look back to see
armed figures running in your direction. The car
roars away from the curb. WHAM! Something
smacks the car with terrific force.

Turn to page 5.


*31
Page 31
^still want to go on the raid turn to page 80. If you've had enough of this terrorist business and prefer to wait at the villa,78
"I must compliment you on your escape," says
Ahmed, when you arrive. "It was your coolheadedness that saved you."
"It was really Mohammed's quick thinking that
did it," you reply.
"Now that you see what kind of dangers we
face," says Ahmed, "I will understand if you
change your mind about joining the raid tomorrow.


*32
Page 32
^Next page,26
Your threat of going to another hotel seems to
do the trick. The clerk sighs and mutters something about tourists. Nevertheless, he directs the
porter to carry your bag to a new room.
"What is this all about?" asks Andrea.
"I'm not sure myself, but a man at the airport
handed me a warning note. If we are in danger,
changing our room may throw our pursuer off, or
at least show him we are on our guard."
"Well, I think this is a lot of nonsense," Andrea
says.
Your new "suite" consists of two small rooms
with a connecting door. The first room is windowless; the second has a small window covered by a
screen of very elaborate grillwork. Andrea's room
is on the other side of the hotel, not far from your
original room.
Bruce arrives a short time later. You tell him
about the warning note and explain why you've
changed rooms.
"Splendid!" he exclaims. "You must always
follow your hunches, especially when danger is
involved. Now I suggest that we go out on the
town for the evening. You don't want to miss the
Sahara Club and its famous belly dancers."

Turn to page 26.


*33
Page 33
^decide to go along on the raid,16
^decide that it is too dangerous,14
"I think we had better go down to my office,"
says Ahmed. "I want you to look through my
photo file."
The inspector's office at headquarters is cluttered but organized in its own way. A row of file
cabinets lines one side of the room. Ahmed pulls
out a folder, opens it on one of the few bare
sections of his long desk, and spreads out a collection of photographs for you to study.
Somehow you are not surprised to see the man
from the plane in one of the photos. You tell
Ahmed the whole story.
"The man you recognize is a member of the
Assassins," says Ahmed. "This just confirms what
I told you before. Through informers, I have discovered the secret desert headquarters of the Assassins. There is a strike force of paratroopers and
a dozen helicopters waiting to attack. We must act
as soon as possible."
"
*34
Page 34
^Next page,35
"Anything would be better than this lecture,"
you say. "Those other passageways sound exciting."
You follow Mohammed into a narrow tunnel.
At one point he stops and feels along the wall.
One of the stones in the wall slides back, and a
small, very low door opens.
"Quickly," says Mohammed, "we must get inside before anyone comes." Mohammed enters
the long, horizontal shaft. The passageway is so
low that you have to crawl on your hands and
knees. You hear a click as the stone door behind
you slides back into place. You hope Mohammed
knows where he is going!
You and Mohammed crawl for quite a while.
Finally you come to a large square chamber. The
walls are white with blue and gold hieroglyphs
painted in neat rows around the room. In the
exact center of the floor is a round hole.
"That is what we call the Well of the Ancients,"
says Mohammed.
"You mean that you can draw water from
down there?"
"There are many things other than water that
can be drawn from a well—wisdom, perhaps,"
replies Mohammed. "This well is very deep.
Here—drop this in the well and see if you can
hear when it hits bottom."

Go on to the next page.


*35
Page 35
^Next page,65
Mohammed hands you a small coin. It is triangular with an elaborate design in the center. A
tiny, just barely visible hieroglyphic inscription
runs around the edge. The coin shines as if made
of gold.
You throw the coin in and put your ear close to
the well. For a full minute you hear nothing. Then
you hear a strange humming—a high musical
note that vibrates both in the well and inside your
head. You turn to look at Mohammed, but he
seems to have disappeared.
Suddenly you feel as if you are losing your
balance. You are falling into the well.

Turn to page 65.


*36
Page 36
^Next page,42
Maybe jet lag and your imagination are getting
the best of you.
"Never mind," you tell the desk clerk.
You go back up to the room and unpack your
small suitcase. You make a careful search. There
is no sign that an intruder has been there, and
you feel relieved. Your room turns out to be a
suite, with a bedroom, a sitting room, a small
bathroom, and two tiny closets. The bedroom
windows are covered with elaborately patterned
grillwork. Andrea's room is on the same floor,
down the hall.
Bruce finally arrives and you show him the
note. For a moment he looks alarmed. Then he
smiles. "Well, I suggest we forget about it for the
moment and go out on the town," he says. "I
know this great spot called the Sahara Club
where we can get a delicious meal of shish kebab—and even watch some genuine Egyptian
belly dancing."
When you arrive back at the hotel later, you are
very tired. Andrea goes to her room, Bruce retires
to the bedroom, and you quickly fall asleep on
the couch in the sitting room.

Turn to page 42.


*37
Page 37
^Next page,96
The rhythmic beat of Middle Eastern music hits
your ears as you go inside. There is a heavy smell
of incense. A belly dancer sways in the center of
the dance floor. You find a table off in a dim
corner. You can't see the man you followed, but
your eyes are still adjusting to the darkness.

Turn to page 96.


*38
Page 38
"We've got to go down there now. My uncle
may be in grave danger."
You and Ahmed start down the side of the
dune toward the pyramids.
Suddenly a troop of desert warriors on camels
appears from nowhere and comes charging
toward you. Dark headcloths cover their faces
except for their eyes. But instead of the old, long
rifles you have seen them carrying in pictures,
they all have modern submachine guns—and
they are all pointed at you.
One of the warriors commands you to raise
your hands and march toward the pyramids.
A door opens in the base of one of the smaller
pyramids, and you and Ahmed are forced into
the vault inside. The door snaps shut behind you.
You realize that the "floor" you're standing on is a
conveyor belt that is rapidly carrying you toward
a wall of flame at the other end of the vault. You
try frantically to run back to the door, but the belt
is too fast. You are both swept into the thermal
chamber—a chamber that so concentrates the
energy of the sun that any object entering it is
instantly vaporized.
The End


*39
Page 39
^Next page,56
As you start to leave the platform, the approaching figure greets you.
"My name is Imhotep. I greet you from the
past"
"For a while there I thought we were in the
past," you say.
"No, I am not actually here at the moment, and
you are not back in ancient Egypt. This is a
recording—a three-dimensional hologram. My
image is programmed to respond to individual
personalities such as yours. Even though you
may feel my arm as solid—here, I will touch your
hand—it is only an illusion. It is too complex to
explain, but your descendants will understand
someday, just as you know that when you listen
to a radio there are not little people in the box
making the sounds."
"You are the most celebrated character in
Egyptian history," says Hassan. "You were—or
are—the greatest genius that ever lived."
"It is true that I gave your species a bit of help. I
taught them the rudiments of architecture, farming, mathematics, engineering, and medicine.
That was five thousand years ago. But I am not
sure I was wise to do it. I will have to decide that
when I find time to return. Your planet is in my
study quadrant, but it is far out on the edge of the
galaxy."
As he speaks, the image of Imhotep seems to
blur a bit.

Turn to page 56.


*40
Page 40
^Next page,70
You, Bruce, and Hassan climb down a ladder
into the deep pit. At the bottom, a six-foot-square
opening penetrates the side wall. A perfectly
straight tunnel of the same dimensions goes into
the rock—horizontal for a short way, then sloping
sharply downward. The three of you enter it.
A hand rope along the wall keeps you from
slipping. Your flashlight beams cut into the darkness ahead. Finally you come to a circular room
about twelve feet in diameter, directly beneath
the center of the pyramid.
"This is strange, very strange," says Hassan.
"Yesterday this floor was completely smooth, almost polished. Now there is a pattern of cracks
over here and part of the floor has sunk."
Suddenly there is a cracking noise.
"Get back to the tunnel!" shouts Bruce. "The
floor is caving in."

Turn to page 70.


*42
Page 42
^grab your pillow and try to clamp it down on the snake,29
^back off slowly and call your uncle for help,88
Toward early morning some inner instinct halfawakens you. You hear a faint rustling and the
sound of a door softly clicking shut. You snap on
the small table lamp. Only inches away from your
face is an asp, one of the deadliest snakes in the
world.
You've got seconds before it strikes.


*44
Page 44
^Next page,33
"I shouldn't have waited," you say, downcast.
"I should have climbed down the wall of the hotel
and tried to stop them before they got away."
"No," says the inspector, "you did the right
thing. These men are fanatics. They probably
would have shot you down."
"You know the men who did this?"
"They are members of an ancient terrorist
group known as the Society of Assassins. They
know that your uncle is working on a way to
produce enormous amounts of energy. They
would like to steal this secret and use it for their
own evil plans."
"Did Bruce know they were after him?"
"He did, but he is always exposing himself to
danger. A most peculiar man, your uncle, if you
will pardon my saying so."
"Some people might feel that way," you say.
"In any event," says the inspector, "he is a
brave man, too, and I have failed to protect him. I
feel responsible for your uncle's disappearance. I
will do everything in my power to find him."
"First," you say, "I think we should go upstairs
and wake up Bruce's assistant, Andrea."
The two of you go to Andrea's room. Inspector
Ahmed knocks on the door. No answer. The door
is unlocked. You and Ahmed go in. No Andrea!

Turn to page 33.


*45
Page 45
^Next page,46
You feel that you would like to get your feet on
the ground, at least.
Ahmed flies low over the sand, looking for a
stone outcropping that might give you protection
from the storm. Below you the sand is being
driven across the desert in little whirlwinds.
Ahmed shouts your approximate position into
the radio, though it's doubtful anyone can hear
over the noise of the storm. He grabs a piece of
canvas from the back of the cockpit just as the
two of you jump from the helicopter. Seconds
later a powerful gust picks the helicopter up and
sends it tumbling along the ground like a fragile
toy.

Go on to page 46.


*46
Page 46
^Next page,85
You dive to protect your face from the pebbles
and sharp rock hurled through the air by the
wind. You are temporarily blinded. Your lungs fill
with choking dust.
"Up against this ridge," shouts Ahmed. "We
must imitate camels in a storm. Kneel, head to
the ground, away from the wind.
"Here," he shouts. "Help spread this cover
over us. This sand will wear away our clothing in
no time. Then it will start on our flesh."
The sun must be up, but it is now pitch dark.
The roaring of the wind is still so loud that Ahmed
must yell directly into your ear for you to hear
what he is saying.
"We must shift our weight every few minutes to
knock the sand off our backs—otherwise we'll be
buried alive," he cries.
You are now choking almost to suffocation.
Your arms and legs have lost their feeling.

Turn to page 85.


*49
Page 49
^Next page,10
Your uncle and Hassan go off in the strange
bubblecraft. Now that they are gone, you wish
you had insisted on going with them. It is lonely
waiting by yourself.
As you wait, you begin to hear some kind of
humming. At first the sound is very low. Then it
gets louder and louder. It seems to come from a
specific spot on the wall. You walk toward it.

Turn to page 10.


*50
Page 50
^Next page,51
"This looks like some kind of science-fiction
movie," you say.
"I don't think it's science fiction," says Bruce. "I
think we're seeing the real thing."
"Don't be ridiculous," says Hassan. "Every archaeologist knows that it took thousands of workers scores of years to build the Pyramids."
Bruce shakes his head. "Those blocks weigh
two to three tons each. They were fitted together
so carefully that not even the thinnest piece of
paper can be slipped into the joints. Does anyone
really know how they got those blocks there?"
The picture blurs. A kind of fog drifts over the
screen and then clears away. The pyramid is completed. But what a pyramid! It appears to be early
morning. The top third of the pyramid is sheathed
in gold, polished to a mirror finish. The rest of the
pyramid is painted in iridescent colors in horizontal stripes clear to the bottom.
The early sunlight strikes the top of the pyramid and throws a blinding shaft of light straight up
into the sky.
You are so fascinated by this scene that it takes
you several minutes to realize that the triangular
viewscreen is gradually growing larger.
As you watch, the entire wall of the room becomes a viewscreen, and the other three walls
vanish completely. The glowing floor remains, but
you seem to be standing in ancient Egypt!

Go on to the next page.


*51
Page 51
^decide to stay where you are,76
^decide to leave the platform,39
A figure who appears to be a priest or high
official seems to notice you from afar. He comes
closer and beckons to the three of you.
"If we leave this platform, do you think we can
get back?" you ask Bruce.
"I have no idea how the mechanism operates,"
Bruce replies. "I'm not even sure we're any safer
if we stay where we are."


*53
Page 53
^Next page,60
The truck jerks to a stop. The kidnappers must
have heard the door open. They reach the back
of the truck just as you are trying to open the
basket. One of the men is a hulking brute; the
other man is the one you saw on the plane and in
the airport. They have you boxed in. No use
calling for help. No one could hear you over the
noise outside.

Turn to page 60.


*54
Page 54
Mohammed disappears in the direction of the
phone. You sit, waiting—and wishing he would
come back. One by one, the people at nearby
tables finish their drinks and leave. You suddenly
realize that you are alone in the cafe.
Then you become aware that there are
shadowy figures, each with a submachine gun,
standing behind the large pillars around the cafe.
The guns open up at you all at once.
The End


*55
Page 55
^convince Ahmed that it is important to investigate now,38
^let Ahmed convince you to slip away,58
There in the distance, before your eyes, a pyramid emerges out of the sand like the bow of an
enormous submarine. Smaller pyramids rise to
encircle it, their surfaces flashing in the sun with
the brilliance of polished gold. Bolts of artificial
lightning jump from the top of the large pyramid
to the tops of the smaller ones, causing booming
sounds to reverberate across the desert.
"This is incredible!" exclaims Ahmed. "I've
never seen anything like it. I've heard stories of
strange devices that can concentrate the sun's
energy to almost unimaginable levels. I'm not
sure, but I think that is what we are looking at."
"I'm sure this is what my uncle was experimenting with," you cry. "We've got to investigate.
Bruce may be a captive down there."
"I don't like the looks of this at all," says
Ahmed. "I think it would be better for us to slip
away and try to get help."


*56
Page 56
"I apologize for the brevity of our meeting,"
continues Imhotep. "I hope your civilization prospers. Someday you or your descendants wil!
come across the vastness of space to visit me. You
will be welcome. For now, farewell."
The image begins to fade and you find yourselves back inside the pyramid room. The outside
door reopens, and the three of you return the
way you came.
"I think we should keep this discovery a secret
among the three of us," says Bruce.
"I quite agree," Hassan says. "The world is not
yet ready for this knowledge."
You agree too.
The next day you watch as workmen fill in the
tunnel. When you leave the site, you go past the
Sphinx. Perhaps you only imagine that it says:
"You will be welcome someday."
The End


*58
Page 58
^Next page,99
"I think you are right," you say. "We might be
walking into a trap."
You and Ahmed slip carefully down the tall
dune.
"Let us head south for a few hours and then go
west again," says Ahmed.
You both take the last sips of water from the
canteen.
"We can last another four hours without water," adds Ahmed. "After that, dehydration will
finish us."
After several hours of trudging across the sand,
you barely have enough strength to keep moving.
Your throat is so dry that you can't swallow.
Bright spots dance before your eyes—a sign that
you are dying of thirst.

Turn to page 99.


*59
Page 59
^Next page,12
Climbing down the side of the building is too
risky, you think. One slip, and . . . ! You wouldn't
be much help to your uncle then.
You run down to the lobby and quickly explain
the situation to the desk clerk.
"I told you that you should have kept the room
you were assigned," says the clerk smugly. "But if
you are in need of emergency assistance, I will do
what I can."
He picks up the hotel phone and clicks for the
operator. At that moment a policeman enters
the hotel lobby. The surprised clerk hangs up the
phone and looks at him openmouthed.

Turn to page 12.


*60
Page 60
^Next page,69
You must save yourself and Bruce. Your instinct takes over as you reach for a short length of
pipe on the floor of the truck and lunge at the
larger of the two men. You hit his hand with the
pipe. He backs off, howling with pain, and you
jump out of the truck. But where is the other
man? Wham! He gets you from behind.
You wake up bound hand and foot in a small
compartment. You can tell you're aboard an airplane from the sound and the vibrations.
Your uncle is tied up next to you. He has a
wide, bloodstained bandage around his head.
"Where are we?" you ask. "And who are these
people?"
"I'm not positive. But my suspicion is that
we've been kidnapped by the infamous Dr.
Ptah."

Turn to page 69.


*62
Page 62
^Next page,40
"I got a note from a man at the airport that said
the same thing!" you tell Hassan. "I showed it to
Bruce yesterday."
"Is this true?" Hassan asks Bruce.
"I'm afraid it is," Bruce answers. "However, the
Sphinx is mute enough at the moment. As soon
as the instruments are installed underground, we
can start our experiments."
"The electrical lines have not yet been strung in
the tunnel," says Hassan, "but I have a flashlight
for each of us, and also a strong rope in case we
need it. Now we are ready to descend."

Turn to page 40.


*63
Page 63
^Next page,66
When you are finished dressing, the niche
widens to become a door. You step into a large
chamber. You find that the humming comes from
a chorus gathered around a large stone sarcophagus. Inside this is a coffin in the shape of a
person. The lid floats a few feet in the air. On one
end of the lid is a lifelike sculpture in gold. With a
shock you recognize it. It is your own face.

Turn to page 66.


*65
Page 65
^Next page,79
Did Mohammed push you into the well? Did
you really slip and fall? You can't tell. You grit
your teeth and wonder how far you will fall before you hit bottom. You can still hear the humming. It grows louder. You should be terrified—
falling down a bottomless shaft in the center of an
ancient pyramid, maybe to your death. But you
are strangely calm. The musical note seems to
have something to do with it. And your rate of
falling has slowed. A strong blast of air from below is cushioning your fall.
Suddenly you land—on your feet. You look
around you, amazed. You are on a small platform
in the center of an amphitheater of some sort.
Around you in a circle are nine white-robed figures on large stone thrones. A central figure sitting on the largest throne speaks:
"We have been expecting you."

Turn to page 79.


*66
Page 66
Against your will you walk up a short flight of
stairs. Your mind struggles against it, but the
movements of your body are no longer in your
control. You lie down in the coffin. The horrible
realization of what is happening fills you with
panic—but you are now powerless to move.
The lid comes down and covers you. You hear
the heavy, grinding sound as the stone lid of the
sarcophagus, weighing many tons, slides into
place.
There is no way out now. You will lie there as
long as the stars rise and set over the desert. You
have become part of the secret of the Pyramids.

The End


*67
Page 67
You are not sure what is going to happen to
you in the pyramid, but if Bruce and Andrea want
to go in, you don't see how you can refuse.
All three of you enter. The door closes behind
you.
"This is a data module," a voice begins. "I will
respond telepathically to your brain waves and
will answer all of your questions."
"What is the real secret of the Pyramids?" you
ask.
"This module is the secret," the voice answers.
"It was left here by the galactic traveler Imhotep in
star year four billion ninety-four. This module was
connected by hyperspace relay to the main galactic computer located in the Sirius star system.
Other pyramids were built to imitate this shape so
that the secret could be protected until the right
time."
The door to the module reopens, and the three
of you step out into the sunlight.
"This is the greatest discovery of my life,"
Bruce says after a few moments of silence. "This
is even more exciting than what I had hoped to
find when I came to Egypt. It would be catastrophic if this secret fell into the wrong hands.
But if we use its information properly, we might
be able to solve all of the problems of the world."
The End


*68
Page 68
^and Bruce pretend to go along with Ptah in order to play for time,11
^think that you should try to escape without delay,111
"I can do without your infirmary," says Bruce.
"The only thing I want is a ride out of here."
"All in good time, all in good time. First, I must
explain to you that I am Ptah, direct descendant
of the pharaohs. I am here to complete their
work. I intend to conquer the world."
"And just how do you plan to pull off that little
feat?" asks Bruce.
"With your help, of course, Professor. Several
Russian scientists were on the verge of completing a particle-beam ray gun. By various means I
have had them brought here. They have almost
completed their work. And now, with you to help
them, they will be done in no time at all. When it
is finished, the ray will be directed at a mirror on a
space platform that I have already placed in orbit
around the earth. I will then be able to bounce
the ray back to any point on earth, utterly destroying the targets that I choose. 
*69
Page 69
^Next page,27
"Dr. Ptah! Who is that'" you ask.
But Bruce has no time to answer. The plane is
landing. The door of the small compartment
opens. Three men grab you and Bruce by the
ankles and pull you out of the plane, dumping
you on the ground like two sacks of potatoes.
You look around. You're at one end of a long,
narrow, sandy island, bare except for a few palm
trees and a large pyramid-shaped building. Down
the beach there is a pier with a motor launch
moored to it. One of the men cuts the ropes on
your feet and wrists, then does the same for
Bruce. More men appear, carrying rifles.
"All right," one of them orders, "you two march
toward the building over there."
As you walk, you realize just how large the
pyramid building is. Though clearly not a solid
structure like the ancient pyramids—it has rows of
windows at various heights—it is still twenty or
thirty stories high. A large mast of some sort rises
from the top. The mast is bent sideways to a crazy
angle.
An electronically controlled door slides open at
the base of the pyramid, and you are pushed
inside.
"Take them to the throne room," you hear one
of the guards order.

Turn to page 27.


*70
Page 70
^convince Bruce that you should share in the discovery of the chamber,24
^agree to go back for assistance while they investigate,90
The three of you just make it back into the
tunnel when an explosion rocks the room and a
section of the floor crashes into some unknown
abyss below. Then there is silence. Clouds of dust
rise from the gaping hole. You wait for several
minutes, hardly daring to breathe.
"I think that's all that is going to happen for the
moment," says Hassan.
"Hold on to my legs," says Bruce. He crawls
back into the room and leans over the edge of the
opening, playing his flashlight down into the
space below. "Seems to be some kind of chamber, probably an ancient tomb. The floor is about
fifteen feet down. It's lucky we brought a rope
along."
"This is a great discovery!" exclaims Hassan.
"We must climb down at once."
"I don't know if we should all go," says Bruce,
looking at you. "We don't know what kind of a
sticky situation we might be getting into. It might
be better if you run back and bring help while
Hassan and I climb down."


*72
Page 72
^Next page,55
"If there are, I've never heard them, or heard of
them," Ahmed replies.
You pick out the highest dune nearby and
climb it. You reach the top and look down into a
huge valley. The sand itself is bright, but in the
valley is something even brighter—so dazzling
that it blinds you. Ahmed shields his eyes with his
hands. "What an incredible sight," he gasps.

Turn to page 55.


*73
Page 73
^decide to jump,103
^decide to take a chance with the people who are after you,108
You decide you can trust Serena to help you
escape.
She slides the iron cot over to the door, wedging it closed. And just in time! You hear loud,
angry voices on the other side as someone bangs
and struggles to get in. You and Serena jump
onto the cot. She cups her hands to give your foot
a boost up. Her lift sends you sailing through the
window.
Flat rooftops stretch in all directions, lit with a
silvery light from the moon. You turn to help
Serena climb up, but she is already beside you.
"Quickly, to the other end of the roof," she
orders.
You dash across the roof. "They're coming
after us!" Serena shouts. "Jump across to the
other roof."
You look across and then down. You can't tell
how many stories the drop is, but it looks like a
long way down. The gap seems terrifyingly wide.
Can you make it if you jump?


*74
Page 74
^decide to let Mohammed telephone for help,54
^decide to make a run for the car,30
"I've had enough of being cooped up in narrow passageways under umpteen tons of rock,"
you say.
"Very well," says Mohammed. "Perhaps I can
take you on a daytime tour of Cairo."
You agree. After a couple of hours of walking
through museums, touring ancient mosques and
city walls, and looking at parks and monuments,
you are very tired. Mohammed finds a colorful
cafe on one of the broad boulevards in the modern section of Cairo where you can sit and watch
the people go by. You have been sitting there for
awhile when you notice that Mohammed seems
very uneasy.
"Is anything wrong?" you ask.
"Do not move or look around. Several men
who I believe are terrorists have surrounded us.
How they found us, I do not know. They may
have been following us for some time. I can try to
get to a phone, or we can make a run for it. Since
our chances are about the same either way, I will
leave the decision up to you."


*75
Page 75
"Now!" shouts Bruce. "Put in your earplugs—
fast!"
When you do, everything snaps back to normal. Only you, Bruce, and the Russians have
earplugs. Ptah and his men fall to the ground
holding their heads. Seconds later they lose consciousness.
"Let's get down to the dock where Ptah has his
motor launch," says Bruce. "The guards there will
be unconscious too."
You run down to the boat, jump in, and advance the throttle to full speed. In a few minutes a
titanic explosion rips the island behind you, but
you are already miles away.
"When we get back to Cairo," says Bruce, "my
new Russian friends have agreed to help us
search for an unlimited energy source—something that will benefit all mankind."
The End


*76
Page 76
^Next page,77
You stay on the platform and the walls of the
chamber re-form around you. The triangular
screen reappears, and the images change and
flash before you faster and faster. You see more
pyramids being built. Now a different culture
takes hold. You recognize the Romans in their
military helmets. Christian crosses begin to appear. Churches are built, then swept away in a
flash. You recognize the signs of Islam, the
mosques with their minarets. Then you get a brief
glimpse of Napoleon in his characteristic pose,
hand in jacket, before the Pyramids. Then a sign
of modern times: an airplane flies over.
The screen fades for a moment. When the
images continue, you see tall, strange-looking
structures in the distance and flying machines of a
design you don't recognize. The screen blurs
again. The Pyramids are still there, but the tall
structures in the background are gone. The area
behind the Pyramids—to the horizon—has been
transformed into a green, tree-dotted park. Finally the screen goes blank.

Go to the next page.


*77
Page 77
The monorail craft silently takes the three of
you back to the room where you started. A few
minutes later you are making your way toward
the surface.
"Remarkable!" says Hassan. "That viewscreen
took us back to ancient Egypt and then showed
us all of the different periods of Egyptian history
since."
"Those last scenes are what amazed me," says
Bruce. "Those flying machines we saw haven't
even been invented yet, and that beautiful park
replacing the desert around the Pyramids . . . "
You are the first to emerge from underground.
What you see makes you gasp. Grass and parkland extend in all directions as far as you can see.
Overhead are those flying machines of the future.
The End


*78
Page 78
^Next page,20
"Maybe it is better for everyone concerned if I
wait at your villa," you tell Ahmed.
"All right," he agrees. "I'm certain that you've
worked up a real appetite after your adventure.
We will eat early tonight."
After dinner you toss and turn for hours. It is
difficult for you to sleep, worrying about Bruce.
Finally you do fall asleep. When you wake up, it is
already late in the morning. Ahmed has long
since left to take charge of the raid. You walk
around the villa. It is very large, with marble
floors, wide hallways, and high ceilings. But there
is an ominous silence about the place.
You decide to leave. It might be a good idea to
go back to the hotel and look for Andrea.
When you reach the front door, an armed
guard stops you. You go back down the long
hallway until you find a telephone in one of the
rooms. The phone doesn't work. You suddenly
realize that you are a prisoner!

Turn to page 20.


*79
Page 79
^decide that it might help you to find Bruce if you join turn to page 28. If the whole thing sounds too far out to go along with,82
"I'm not sure where I am," you say. "Am I still
inside the pyramid?"
"This chamber is the lowest point of an inverted pyramid, the exact mirror image of the one
above. This is the true magical form discovered
by the ancients. Only the upper, aboveground
half of this form is known to those outside our
order. We are revealing our secret to you because
we hope that you will join us. Your uncle is one of
our initiates. He is now in great danger. 
*80
Page 80
^Next page,81
Just before dawn the next morning you and
Ahmed leave in his small scout helicopter.
You fly east across the desert. The faintest light
begins to creep along the edge of the sky. Then a
thin layer of red, like glowing embers, grows
along the horizon.
"I plan to mark the route to the terrorists' camp
by dropping small smoke bombs in the desert at
twenty-mile intervals," Ahmed explains. "The
troop-carrying helicopters will leave from a
nearby army base in half an hour. They will follow the smoke trail."
As the huge, fiery disc of the sun floats majestically up into the sky, Ahmed notices some dark
clouds low on the horizon to the southeast.
Soon strong gusts of wind begin to buffet the
helicopter. Ahmed radios the base.
"Come in, ground control. Abort mission for
the present. Weather conditions unfavorable."
Ahmed begins a wide bank to the north. The
wind is stronger now, and steady. The air is filled
with a strange fog. The helicopter begins
to cough.
"The dust is beginning to clog the air intake of
the engine," says Ahmed. "The air filter can handle normal dust conditions, but we've blundered
into a sandstorm."
"Is there anything that we can do?" you ask as
the wind begins to howl.

Go on to the next page.


*81
Page 81
^think it is better to keep flying,92
^think you should land while you have a chance,45
"We have two choices," hollers Ahmed, trying
to be heard over the sound of the wind. "We can
try to fly through this mess—though I can't believe we'll make it—or we can land and try to find
a place to hide from the storm on the ground, but
that is unlikely in this part of the desert. We are
done for either way. What do you think we
should do?"


*82
Page 82
^Next page,83
"I think I'll stay just the way I am," you say. "I'll
find Bruce my own way."
"Very well," says the speaker. "Obviously you
were not meant to be one of the Chosen."
"You're right," you say. "I don't... I don't..."
You can't complete the sentence—you feel
yourself blacking out.
You awaken outside the pyramid. You are lying
on the ground, and Mohammed is putting a
damp cloth on your forehead.
"Ow! My head!" you say as you try to sit up.
"What happened in the pyramid? I don't remember."
"You hit your head on the low doorway of that
last room. You knocked yourself out," says
Mohammed. "Do not be embarrassed. Many do
it in the dim corridors within the pyramid."
Just then your uncle and Andrea rush up with
Ahmed.

Go on to the next page.


*83
Page 83
"Uncle Bruce!" you exclaim. "Am I glad to see
you. I thought you were a goner when they took
you off in that truck."
"We caught some of the gang members just as
they were trying to smuggle your uncle out of the
city," says Ahmed. "We also have reports that a
severe sandstorm wiped out the terrorists' headquarters in the desert."
Later, back at the hotel, Bruce tells you some
disappointing news.
"For some reason my instruments under the
pyramid do not seem to be working properly. I
think I'll have to go back to the States and redesign them. When I come back here the next
time, do you want to come along again?"
"Now that is going to be hard to decide," you
answer.
The End


*84
Page 84
You are anxious to get to the hotel to find
Bruce and Andrea. You feel you cannot go to
Serena's village.
You thank Serena for her help and slip out of
the cart.
Where are you? The pale moon lights up an
eerie landscape. Stretching in every direction are
small buildings, all deserted. You wander up and
down the silent streets until you finally see a
group of people huddled in front of a small fire.
The night is cool, and they gesture for you to join
them. You stay with them until dawn.
With the light of day you realize that you are in
a very large cemetery. Those small buildings must
be tombs! You're not sure of the way out, but you
pick a direction and keep going. Finally you reach
a small store just outside the cemetery. You find a
telephone and call Bruce at the hotel.
"Bruce," you begin, "I'm in this store just outside of a huge cemetery; where all the tombs are
miniature buildings, and . . . "
"I know exactly where that is," says Bruce.
"Just sit tight until I get there. I'm leaving right
away."
In the cab on the way back to the hotel you are
almost relieved when Bruce tells you that he has
to rush back to the States on urgent business and
that you and he are booked on the next flight to
New York.
The End


*85
Page 85
^think you should stay where you are,101
^want to start out across the desert,93
After what seems like hours, the wind begins to
die down and the sky lightens a bit. Somehow
you and Ahmed have survived. You rub the
caked dirt out of your eyes. You massage your
legs to get the circulation back. Ahmed produces
a small canteen from his belt, and you take a sip.
It helps a little. You stand up and look around.
There is no trace of the helicopter. Hills and valleys of glistening sand stretch endlessly in all directions.
"We must decide if we should stay here and
hope that rescue planes find us or if we should
head out across the desert," says Ahmed. "I
couldn't tell whether our last message got
through or not. If it did, I think we should stay
here. If it didn't, I think we should push on. What
do you think we should do?"


*87
Page 87
^decide to accept Serena's help,73
^don't trust her and try to escape through the door,104
You wake up to find yourself lying on an iron
cot in a small storeroom. You sit up and try to
move, and find that one ankle is chained to the
bed.
Gradually your eyes become accustomed to
the darkness. There is a small window high above
you on the wall, and through it you can see a
crescent moon shining. You can hear the beat of
the music you heard in the cafe. You sit there in
the half-darkness trying to figure out how to pick
the ancient-looking padlock that secures the
chain on your ankle.
The door to the room opens slightly, throwing
a shaft of light inside. It's bright enough for you to
recognize the dancer from the cafe. Quietly she
closes the door and whispers in your ear.
"My name is Serena. I will help you escape."
She inserts a long, thin bar into the padlock on
your ankle. The lock snaps open.
"Here, quickly!" she says. "Stand on my shoulders and climb out the window. It leads to a
rooftop. I will pull myself up and follow."
You want to go with her, but you have no idea
who this woman is and where she might be leading you. She could be getting you into a worse
situation. You look at the window high up on the
wall and then at the open door in front of you.

*88
Page 88
^Next page,94
The door to Bruce's room flies open when you
yell.
"Let's get out of here fast—and I mean fast!"
he shouts.
Bruce makes an end run around the snake and
out the door to the hallway, pushing you ahead.
He slams the door shut
BLAM! There is a sharp explosion from Bruce's
room. People in nightclothes come staggering
half-awake out of their rooms.
You meet Andrea in the hallway. She tosses a
long native jacket to you. Quickly you throw it on.
"We'll take the back stairway down to the basement," says Bruce. "I have a special car—built for
my underwater exploration of the Nile—down
there."
When you get there, the three of you jump into
the car, and Bruce starts it up. He heads directly
for the wall! At the last moment an electronically
controlled door opens, and the car shoots into a
pool of water on the other side of the door. The
car sinks until it is completely underwater, and
then it starts forward.

Turn to page 94.


*89
Page 89
You are relieved to be going home.
"It's bad enough that I am in danger," says
Bruce. "If I have to worry about your safety too,
I'll never be able to concentrate on my experiments."
You hope that Bruce doesn't think you are a
coward, but when someone starts putting poisonous snakes in your bed, it's just too much.
The End


*90
Page 90
You go back up the shaft, using the hand rope
to help pull yourself along. After a short way—it
seems very soon this time—the shaft levels out.
But you walk on and on—and see no exit. You
stop and go back. You reach the point where the
shaft goes down, but now the hand rope is missing. Where are you? In a panic you run back the
other way. Your heart is pounding and your
palms are sweaty.
Now you edge carefully forward, pointing your
flashlight down seemingly endless passageways.
You reach a fork in the tunnel. You don't remember a fork there before! Your hands and knees are
shaking, but you force yourself to go on. More
forks! You have somehow blundered into a maze
of tunnels.
You stop for a moment to think. How can you
possibly find your way out? Then you remember
a rule to follow when you're trapped in a maze:
"Every time you reach a fork, turn right." Remembering this calms your nerves somewhat.
Now maybe you have a chance.
Wearily you start to retrace your steps. You just
hope that the rule works. At best you know that it
will be a long walk.
The End


*92
Page 92
You and Ahmed fly on, taking a last desperate
chance. Ahmed is a good pilot, but the storm is
too much for the small helicopter. The turbulent
air outside is a swirling yellow haze. The motor
begins to sputter—the air intake is completely
clogged. Then the motor cuts out completely.
You fall like a rock and vanish forever into the
vast wastes of the desert.
The End


*93
Page 93
^Next page,72
"It is better to do something—anything—rather
than sit here and wait to die," you say.
Ahmed scrapes his digital watch free of dirt.
"It's 1:10 P.M. It is already afternoon," he says.
"Our best bet is to head west, toward the sun.
Later we can follow it as it sets. In the morning we
will head away from the rising sun. If the sun
becomes obscured by haze, we will stay where
we are. Otherwise we will run the risk of wandering around in circles."
You start off. Up and down sand dunes, and
then up and down again. Occasionally you stop
to wet your lips from Ahmed's canteen.
Then you see it An oasis shimmers in the
distance—a glistening pond surrounded by palm
trees.
"Look, look!" you say to Ahmed. Ahmed is
strangely calm.
"I'm sorry, but that is just a mirage—a trick the
desert plays on the eyes, my friend," he says.
After another mile or so of hiking, you realize
that Ahmed is right. Nothing is there. Sheets of
water seem to materialize, then vanish after you
have walked a few yards.
A few hours later, you stop suddenly. "Ahmed,
am I crazy or do I hear thunder in the distance?
Are there sound mirages in the desert?"

Turn to page 72.


*94
Page 94
^decide to go into the pyramid,67
^feel it might be a trap,109
The submersible car journeys up the river, just
under the surface of the water.
"Not long ago," says Bruce, "I discovered the
entrance to an underwater tunnel that goes from
the Nile to the famous step pyramid at Sakkara.
They say Imhotep's tomb is there. I haven't had a
chance to explore this tunnel until now."
When you reach Sakkara, the car enters the
underwater runnel. Soon you surface on a broad
lake in an underground cavern. In the center of
the lake is an island, and in the center of the
island is a small pyramid about thirty feet high. It
is made of a dull, silvery metal—perhaps platinum. Bruce steers the car to the edge of the
island. The three of you jump ashore. As you do,
a large opening appears in the side of the pyramid. A voice comes from inside.
"
*96
Page 96
^Next page,87
A waiter brings you a long-handled pot containing thick, strong coffee. He pours it ceremoniously into a small porcelain cup. It tastes
somewhat bitter, but not too bad. You sip it slowly
as you watch the dancing. Is it your imagination,
or does the dancer keep glancing in your direction?
The music grows louder. The lights get brighter.
You can't seem to focus your eyes. Your arms
and legs feel like lead, and you can't move them.
You feel dizzy. You feel like you are passing out!

Turn to page 87.


*97
Page 97
^Next page,18
"OK," says Bruce, "let's all three give it a shot."
You feel a lot better going along than waiting
alone in that spooky room.
As soon as you are on board, Bruce pushes
one of the buttons on the control panel. There is a
whirring sound and the door of the strange craft
slides shut with an ominous click.
The bubble starts smoothly along the rail and
into the tunnel. After a minute or so, it slows to a
stop. The bubble door opens and the three of you
climb out. You find yourselves in a chamber almost identical to the one you just left. However,
this room seems to have no exit. This does not
seem logical to you. Whoever created this transportation system would hardly have built it just
for the ride.
On a hunch, you feel carefully along the wall.
Jackpot! Two triangular panels recess into the wall
and slide apart, revealing a large room with
slanted walls.
"Good work," says Bruce.
The three of you enter. As you look around
you realize that you are in a room shaped like the
inside of a pyramid.
Suddenly the triangular door closes behind
you and disappears. You are trapped inside! The
walls—four perfect triangles—begin to glow
brighter and brighter.

Turn to page 18.


*99
Page 99
Up ahead you see another oasis. Is it another
mirage? You head for it anyway. One part of the
desert is as good as any other when it comes to
leaving your sun-dried bones.
You get there first. "This is water! Actual water!" you exclaim. "This is not a mirage!"
You dunk your entire head in the water. Nothing has ever felt better in your life.
Later, when you are both rested, Ahmed says,
"Some of these palm trees are date palms with
fruit We will have enough food and water until
the next caravan arrives. It is only a matter of time
before we are rescued."
The End


*100
Page 100
^decide that it was just a dream and you would still like to go,2
^say no knowing what is in store for you,113
You repeat Al-Din's spell three times. The room
begins to spin around you, then fades away altogether. You seem to be floating in a void. Are
you asleep? Dreaming? You find yourself flying
high up over the ocean on what could be a magic
carpet.
You awaken in your living room back home.
The phone is ringing. You answer it. Your uncle is
on the phone.
"I'm just in from Egypt," he says. "I have to get
some new equipment to continue my investigations of the Pyramids. How would you like to go
back with me for a few weeks?"
This is really strange. Did you just dream everything that happened, or did that magician really
send you back here to start over?


*101
Page 101
"I'm sure the radio message got through," you
say.
"I think so too," says Ahmed. "The best thing
to do is to wait where we are."
Ahmed digs around in the sand where you
crouched during the storm.
"Here they are," says Ahmed, "the smoke
bombs. I was afraid that I had lost them. Each
one of these will send out smoke for an hour."
Ahmed sets off one of the bombs. A tall column
of smoke rises in the now still air.
The last one is set off late in the afternoon.
"This is it," says Ahmed. "If no one sees this
smoke, we may be out of luck."
Just as the smoke begins to disappear, you
hear the drone of a plane. It banks and makes a
low pass over you.
"They see us!" you shout, jumping up and
down on the sand.
The plane, which belongs to the Egyptian Air
Force, lands nearby. You are saved this time. You
wonder how many adventures lie ahead before
you get back to the States.
The End


*103
Page 103
^Next page,110
You might as well take a chance and try the
jump. You step back a few feet, make a short run,
and take a flying leap to the other roof. You manage to grab the edge with your hands as you slip
down along the side of the building. You struggle
to pull yourself up. You are about to lose your
grip when a strong arm grabs you by the wrist
and heaves you onto the roof. It's Serena!
"Wow!" you exclaim. "Are all belly dancers as
strong as you are?"
"I was trained to be an acrobat by my family,"
she says, "before I was kidnapped by the evil
gang that owns the cafe."
"Why haven't you tried to escape before?" you
ask.
"I have," she says, "but it's not that easy. They
control this quarter of Cairo completely. Now my
family has discovered where I am and has arranged my escape—but you will see. We must
hurry. I hear someone coming."

Turn to page 110.


*104
Page 104
^Next page,100
You pull open the door and dash down a corridor that leads back into the cafe. You run outside. Two men from the cafe race after you,
shouting in Arabic. You push your way through
the crowds, trying to stay hidden. Which way to
go? There is an open door on your right with a
small courtyard inside. You decide to chance it
and dart through the door, slamming it behind
you. You lean against the door, gasping for
breath.
A hulk of a man appears. He has a heavy, dark
beard and piercing eyes.
"Welcome to my house," he says. "Have you
come to buy a magic spell or perhaps something
to ward off the evil eye?"
"I need help," you say. "Someone is after me."
"In that case, you are welcome in my humble
house. You are safe here. I am Al-Din, the magician. My magic will protect you."
You follow Al-Din up a flight of stairs into a
room with a low table surrounded by cushions.
He serves you some mint tea and tells you about
the ancient magic he practices.
"All is illusion," he says. "Here, I will show you.
Close your eyes and repeat this spell three times:
abah arah arah abah blah ah."

Turn to page 100.


*106
Page 106
"Hurry inside," Andrea says, "and close the
door behind you."
The room you enter is dark, and it takes a few
moments for your eyes to adjust to the light.
When they do, you see Andrea in front of you
with a revolver in her hand, silencer and all. The
gun is pointed at you.
"Kill! I must kill. . . . " she says in a mechanicalsounding voice. Her eyes are glassy, as if she
were hypnotized.
"Andrea, what are you saying?" you gasp.
"The secrets must be protected . . . must be
protected. . . . " she continues in that same
strange voice. It sounds almost like a recording.
You realize with a shudder that Andrea's mind
has been taken over by some evil force.
"Andrea!" you shout. "I don't know any secrets. I don't even know what's going on. Someone has done something to you. You don't know
what you are doing."
She raises the gun to fire.
"Andrea! No!" you cry.
But the pffut of the silencer ends it for you.
The End


*108
Page 108
The gap to the next roof is just too wide. You
know that you would never make it across. Serena, however, is already across and has disappeared.
You turn to face your pursuers. Then you recognize them.
"Bruce! Andrea!" you exclaim. "It's you. How
did you get here?"
"The cab driver who brought you here was
worried," Bruce says. "He went to the police and
they called us."
Suddenly you realize that you've got to stop
Serena from running away. The three of you can
help her.
"Serena, come back!" you shout. "These are
my friends."
The sound of your voice echoes across the
rooftops, but there is no reply.
You, Bruce, and Andrea return to the hotel.
Your parents are on the overseas phone. They
have begun to worry about you and insist that
you return home.
Back in the States you find that many of your
friends do not believe your story, especially the
part about your new friend the belly dancer.
The End


*109
Page 109
"You have thirty seconds left," says the voice
from inside the pyramid. "After that, you may no
longer enter."
"I'm not just going to walk into that thing," you
say. "Not unless I know more about it."
"If that's your honest choice," says Bruce, "Andrea and I will respect it. And in that case, I guess
we'll all stay out."
"This module will now suspend operations for
one galactic minute—which is four hundred and
seventy-five Earth years," says the voice.
The door closes. You can find no trace of it on
the surface of the pyramid.
"1 wonder what would have happened if we
had gone inside?" you ask.
"Well, we can come back in four hundred and
seventy-five years and find out," says Bruce.
"Or we can come back now with special equipment," says Andrea, "and try to pry its secrets
loose."
You are already looking forward to that.
The End


*110
Page 110
^decide to get out of the cart,84
^decide to continue on to Serena's village,114
Serena leads you down a long flight of stairs.
You follow her through passageways that are
so narrow you can barely squeeze through.
Sometimes you can hear shouting nearby and
see the flickering beams of flashlights searching
the dark corners where you were standing only
seconds before. Finally, in a narrow alley, Serena
stops and listens for a few moments.
"See that donkey cart over there," she whispers. "It is from my village. I have arranged for it
to meet me here. I will crawl into the bottom of it.
Watch how I do it, then follow."
There is just room enough for you to squeeze
into the cart. Serena arranges the straw over the
two of you and then signals to the driver with a
low whistle.
The cart starts off. You go through narrow alleyways, then down larger streets. Gradually the
street noises die away, and you guess that you are
outside the city.
"I think we are safely away from our pursuers,"
says Serena. "
*111
Page 111
^Next page,112
"Even if we seem to be cooperating," you say,
"Ptah will finish us off as soon as we stop being
useful to him."
"I think you're right," says Bruce. "When the
guards come for us, we'll jump them. I don't
think they expect us to fight back. It might take
them by surprise."
"At least we won't be giving up without a struggle," you say.
The guards are taken by surprise. The fight is
brief and furious, but there are just too many of
them. The guards overpower you and drag you
back to Ptah.
"Take them to the other end of the island," he
shouts.

Go on to the next page.


*112
Page 112
Again you are tied up and carried off. You are
taken to the other end of the island where a
rocket is ready to blast off to resupply Ptah's orbiting space station. You and Bruce are dumped
into a small compartment in the rocket.
You are already working your hands free as
you blast off.
"The crew is going to be too busy for awhile to
bother about us," you say. "If we can break out of
this compartment and get the jump on them,
maybe we can take over the ship. Then we can
put Ptah's space station out of action for good."
You know that you'll need a lot of luck to get
out of this situation—a lot more than you're likely
to get.
The End


*113
Page 113
"I'd really like to go," you say, "but I have a lot
of work at school, and I already have tickets for a
play at the end of the month. Thanks for asking—
and have a good trip."
Your excuses sound a bit thin, but you've just
gone through a harrowing experience. Even if
you only dreamed it, you're not going through
that again!
The End


*114
Page 114
^Next page,116
You don't really know where you are. It might
be safer to go all the way to Serena's village.
You ride for another few hours. There is utter
silence except for the clip-clop of the donkey's
hooves and the creak of the wheels. You drift off
to sleep. Sometime later Serena shakes you
gently.
"We are here, at my village, and with my people."
You crawl out of the cart. Dawn is just breaking.
You are near a field. In the center you see a large
bonfire. Around the fire are hundreds of figures in
white turbans and white robes. They are chanting
in unison—it's an eerie sound. Then the figures
rise and begin to move together around the fire in
a strange, slow dance, rolling their heads and
chanting, "Allah-Allah-ah-ah." The hypnotic effect of the dancing draws you in, and you join the
circle.

Turn to page 116.


*116
Page 116
You stay with Serena's people, one of the many
tribes of Dervishes, for several days while she
manages to get word secretly to Bruce that you
are safe.
At last Bruce and Andrea arrive at the village.
"Thank goodness you're all right," says Bruce.
"Andrea and I followed your trail to the cafe. The
police raided the place and uncovered a nest of
foreign agents code named SPHINX. But by then
you were gone. Later, when we returned to the
hotel, we found Serena's note telling us where
you were.
"Unfortunately, I had to tell your parents that
you were missing. They have been very worried. I
guess you'd better catch a plane home and show
them that you are really all right. I am sorry you
had only one day in Egypt."
Back in the States, whenever you see the
dawn, you think of those white-robed figures
chanting their hymn to the first light of day.
You weren't in Egypt very long, but it was an
adventure you'll never forget.
The End

www.read.forumsplace.com


