*start
Introduction
^ Begin,1
This is an original story written by me, Elodin77. Information is key.

*1
A Shadowed Alley
^ Go outside the walls to hunt,2
^ Go over to the market to do some work,3
I'm different. I can see things other people can't see, 
I can do things others can't do. I don't know why, but I want 
to find out. I want to know who I am.  
Yesterday there was barely anybody in the market, none of them 
were rich so my haul was pathetic. It's been like this for a while, 
something must be happening in the castle. There are hardly any 
patrols too, which makes it easier. They put me in prison once, I 
got out though so it was alright. 
I might be able to go outside the walls to hunt today, the weather 
looks like it'll rain, so my tracks will be covered. Those soldiers 
have been hunting me ever since I escaped. 

*2
Castle Walls
^ Look around the ground for animals,4
^ Look up at the sky for birds,5
I wandered up the street towards the walls. It was easy getting there 
but much harder to get out. Usually the towers are manned with sentries and 
the walls are patrolled. The only way in or out is through the gate. But when 
I finally arrived, I couldn't see any guards. The patrols move but the sentries 
should be there. It is weird, they are probably having some party or wedding. 
At least it's easy to get through now. 
I quickly climbed the wall, the bricks were uneven so there were footholds. 
Shadows grew longer. I felt like nobody could see me, like some invisible ninja. 
Although I had only heard about ninja's from foreign lands, never seen one. 
I dashed into the forest, then it was time to decide. I just needed food, birds 
were easier to spot, but much smaller than deer which run quick when they notice me.

*3
Market
^ You decide to steal the food,8
^ You decide to continue wandering towards the Castle Armoury,26
^ You decide to head towards the Keep,27
I wandered through the market. It was mostly empty but there were a few people 
around. I came to the end of the market without any easy marks. It wasn't busy 
so it would be hard to steal anything without being seen. There was one store though, 
only one person was inside it but it had some nice food. If I had some money I would 
have bought the food, so it is not really my fault that I have to steal it. Then again, 
if I managed to steal something from the Castle Armour I could sell it for good money. There 
are very high quality weapons in there. Even the Keep would have easy pickings with 
rich royalty, as long as they don't notice me it should be fine. But both those places 
are far riskier. 

*4
Forest
^ You lay down exhausted,7
I walked through the forest for what seemed like hours. I was weakest at 
midday when my shadow was under me. But when the sun is low my shadow would 
become longest and be hard to control. Sometimes I did things and killed people 
but didn't remember doing it. I had been to prison once before because of that. I 
chuckled to myself, imagine not remembering your own crime. I found a deer and looked at 
it intently, I focused on it. I had done this before with small animals, but a deer 
should be fine. I want it to die, I want it to cook. I was hungry. DIE! The deer stopped and 
turned its head towards me, then it darted off into the forest. I made too much noise. DIE! DIE! 
I kept my eyes on it as much as I could and kept trying. BURN! Still nothing. I stopped yelling, 
somebody might have heard me if I kept going. I felt really exhausted after that, I was 
reckless. My wrist burned, but it also felt cold. I thought I should just stick to birds. 

*5
Forest
^ You decide to sell the sealed message,8
^ You decide to open and read the message,9
I walked through the forest looking up at the sky. There weren't many birds. But today 
was a jackpot. What I found wasn't a bird. It was a messenger hawk. It was very fast, 
faster than I had ever seen one fly before. I couldn't make out the colour of the message 
but it must have been important. It was probably worth a lot. I focused on the bird, and 
threw my hand to the sky and clenched my fist. The bird squaked and started falling. Normally 
birds are hard to kill, but for me, it was easy. Birds leave a shadow all through the air. I can 
see the shadow they leave through the air that hits the ground, most people just see 
the shadow on the ground. I found the bird and the message was red. I had never heard of a 
red message before, yellow is normally important and orange is for royalty. I could go back 
to the market and sell the message, or maybe just read it right now. 

*7
Sheid Camp
^ Wait for Iron to join the Sheids,15
^ Sneak out to join the raid with Moonlight,21
I was woken up by someone shaking me. I sat up and saw a woman. She was 
the most beautiful person I had ever seen in my life. She asked if I knew 
who they were. There were also some other people around her. I didn't recognise them. 
She said that I was part of their group once, but that I went missing. I thought 
she was talking to me, but she was talking to the others. I said that I had been a 
thief my whole life. She asked if I had an affinity with the darkness, I didn't know 
what that meant. But I feel like she might be referring to what I can do. I decided 
not to show them, because they might become scared of me. 
The woman said her name was Moonlight. She asked what my name was, I said I never 
had a name. She quickly got up and walked away. Someone else named Sky said she 
sometimes gets like this. She whispered to me that Moonlight once loved someone who 
was killed in a horrible way, and lost her entire family soon after. Every so often 
something reminds her of them and she needs to have space. Moonlight came back and quitely said 
something, I heard it but I don't think anyone else did. She said "I can't even remember 
their names". I wondered if she still remembered what they looked like. 
She taught me about the Sheids. Apparently they can control shadows. It was a 
type of magic which was passed on through generations. Except that a few Sheids tried 
to be more powerful and meddled with dangerous magic. It corrupted them and they 
had to be executed for the survival of the empire. She quickly corrected herself saying 
clan. I had never heard of the Sheids, there was no way they could have been an empire. 
I had to wait for some leader called Iron to arrive, he would give me official recognition 
as being part of their clan. Moonlight smiled at me but something was wrong. It was 
like she was trying to work out something about me. She kept looking at my eyes when I was looking away. 
She and the others went to go raid the Castle for something that was stolen. She said just 
wait here for Iron. Then she said I hope this turns out before going off. 

*8
Market
^ You decide to escape the guards,11
^ You decide to make the most of every opportunity and pickpocket them,12
I can't really remember what happened next. But a few guards grabbed me, and said 
I was going to prison. They were wearing what looked like very heavy armour. It was 
like they were prepared for war. They had swords and one of them had a bow and quiver. 
They were all royal guards, I could see that clearly by their emblem. It was huge. 
In any case, something was off about it. Although it was true what I did was a crime, 
why were there so many guards. 

*9
Forest
I look at the black message. It was clasped by a leather strap. I undid 
the hook and took out a piece of parchment. I started reading it. It 
probably had something really valuable in it, knowledge can be 
just as valuable as money. There was apparently some sort of decoding experiment. 
Some magic keywords or something. A lot is just words I don't understand, 
something about commands straight into the brain. There was some I did understand. 
There was some sort of war going on, soldiers being killed in unbelievable ways. 
Armour being melted through. There was no trace of who killed them. But the writer 
says its a group of monsters who call themselves Sheids. There is apparently some 
jewelry they are after that will grant you extreme power. There's supposed 
to be special words you had to say to use it but only the Sheids knew the 
whole sequence. The first word was TIRS, and the last was PIRI. But that is 
all they knew from the decoding. Suddenly black shadows burst out of the letter, 
they grab your hands and feet. You feel dizzy, it was a trap, but how did they 
know who you were. The End.

*11
Prison
I went with the guards for now. Only one was with me leading me down the 
stairs to the prison. But it was more like a dungeon. There were other soldiers 
around so I had no time to escape now. He stopped outside a cell and gave me a 
suspicious look, then he took out a weird band. He told me to put it on. It had 
inscriptions that I didn't recognise. I put it on, it was just a band after all. 
Then I felt pain shooting from my wrist up to my eyes. I fell onto the cold hard 
ground and cried out. The guard looked confused, but smiled and said one down. He explained 
that this wasn't a restrainer, that it was designed to kill. It started glowing. 
I felt weak. I tried to grab the guard, I tried to rip it off but I couldn't lift my 
arms. It grew brighter as my shadow waned. Then I fainted. Permanently. The End.

*12
Prison
^ You stay in the cell and keep quiet,13
^ You decide to break out of the cell now that the guards are gone,14
I carefully placed my hand into the pocket of the guard. This one had something
heavy in it. I could tell by the way the fabric shook as he walked. It was 
in between his armour plates so he would have noticed if I wasn't careful. I 
skillfully pulled out a band, as I bumped him on the other side drawing his attention there. 
The hardest part it taking it out, because the sudden change in weight is 
obvious even to an untrained person. I slipped it into my clothes and followed the 
guards to my cell. There wasn't enough time to escape now, there were too many 
guards around. I sat around in the cell for a few hours, they said that I would 
receive more information tomorrow morning. Apparently there was some emergency going 
on out right now, I thought that I heard them mention a lockdown. It turned out I 
had won a weird looking metal band from that guard's pocket. It had some inscriptions 
that I couldn't understand, they were more like symbols. Anybody who didn't believe 
in magic was asking to be tricked, it isn't really magic, there was always some 
trick to it. It was late that night that it happened. The guards started calling out, 
there was some attack. Sometimes gangs try to get into the prison to release their 
friends. But I had never heard of any succeeding. There was a narrow corridoor outside my 
cell, I saw a few guards run past. But a few moments they flew back like ragdolls. There 
was a guard right outside, I moved up towards the bars. His armour had a whole through the 
metal. The metal was red and smoking. The guard jerked and I jumped back. 


*13
Prison
I quickly moved back to the corner of my cell and listened quietly. I could 
hear some voices it sounded a man and a woman. The voices were coming closer, and 
it sounded like they were arguing. The man was talking about smelling someone, I hope 
it wasn't me because they were really close now. Then the man yelled at her about a 
RING. Honestly, to get so angry over a ring I think was a bit too much. He stopped 
shouting and said it's alright. Then I heard a crunch and silence. He walked over to my 
cell, and I pulled out the weird looking band quickly showing him. I said I would use 
it if he made me. He gasped and took a few steps back, telling me over and over again not to 
put it on. He said just hand it to him. I looked at it, he couldn't fit into my cell but 
he might still be able to hurt me. So I put it on. I felt a weird feeling and the band 
started glowing. Then the man burst out laughing, he doubled over laughing. What an ironic ending 
he said, the trickster being tricked, but then mentioned that I wouldn't understand anyway. He 
sure was right about that, I don't understand anything. I just wanted some food. 
I felt extremely weak all of a sudden, I couldn't 
hold up my weight. I saw my shadow disappearing, there were candles in the hallway, but my 
shadow was disappearing somehow. I felt faint. Unconscious. I didn't wake up. The End.


*14
Prison
I decided to use this as an opportunity to escape. The bars were very thick 
but I could heat them up, shadows are created by converting the light into 
energy. It usually disperses in the air, but maybe if I focused it on one 
spot on the metal. I felt it heat up and excitedly kept trying. I didn't realise 
this much heat would force the bar to lengthen. It didn't bend though. The roof 
cracked as the bar disloged and fell. It clattered to the ground in a crash. 
I could still hear voices up the hallway, so I slowly edged out. I saw two people, one was 
a woman. She was really pretty. The other was a man, he looked vicious. The woman was facing me and gasped. 
The man turned and she grabbed him to stop him. She said it's nothing. He turned 
and saw me. I was considering going back into my cell, I didn't think they could 
fit through the bars. The man lifted his hand as a shape reached up, grabbed the 
woman's throat and lifted her off the ground. He was still facing me though. I couldn't 
really hear him because she was screaming for him to let go. He kept asking her something, 
but she wouldn't answer. I didn't understand why not, if she didn't answer I was sure 
he would have killed her. Then he let her go as she fell to the floor breathing heavily. 
He looked at me and one of his eyes was black. It was completely black. I couldn't 
move. I wanted to move, to run but I couldn't. I was so scared I knew I was going to die. He walked 
up to me and a black knife appeared in his hand. He said he would kill me if the woman 
didn't answer. She finally said something about the KING. I couldn't think, I still couldn't 
move. She begged that he spared them. I still didn't understand how I had anything 
to do with it. I just wanted to eat some food, and this was where I ended up. He called the 
woman Moonlight, and a traitor. He reached out his hand so that his shadow grabbed hers. Then he 
pulled, the shadow came with it. Moonlight screamed in agony and I felt angry. Why was he doing this? 
Was it me? But something hit me hard in the back of my head before I could do anything. The End.

*15
Sheid Camp
^ Your anger takes over as you look at Iron,16
^ Your panic takes over as you look at Iron,17
^ Your uneasiness takes over as you look at Iron,19
Iron walks up to me, he looks menacing. He looks different to everyone else. He 
has darkness surrounding him, like a cloak. He smiles. But it wasn't friendly. 
He said "Found you" as he darted at me with a knife. I put my arm up to block it, 
there was no time to dodge. It hit his wrist as I shoved his hand away, the knife 
just missing me. He meant it, he was trying to kill me. 

*16
Sheid Camp
My anger raged inside me. I ran at him and threw a punch. He put up his hand to stop it. 
But he flew back and slammed against the ground. Dark roots sprung out of the ground and 
twisted around my feet. I didn't care. I wanted him to just go. Just to not be here. I felt 
the pattern rise up my arm, it went up to my neck and up my face. Iron looked scared. I wanted 
him to die, I was angry. I couldn't move now, the roots held me in place. The pattern reached my 
right eye and my eye turned black. Black as night. Black as a shadow. DIE. I thought. Iron 
stared at me. He stopped moving and fell forward slumped on the ground. The pattern kept 
growing, my anger vanished. Now I could feel its pain. It wouldn't stop, it traced my left 
arm and down my chest. It reached my heart. I grabbed my chest as the pain took over. I couldn't 
feel my heartbeat. The last thing I felt was the ground against my cheek. But I didn't remember 
when I fell. The End.

*17
Sheid Camp
^ Next,18
I felt the panic grow inside me. It was in my chest, in my throat, in my head. I 
didn't want to be here, I was going to die. I can't die, I don't know who I am. 
I need to find Moonlight. 
The light around my skin started shimmering. I watched as Iron started shouting 
but I couldn't hear what he was saying. The sound was becoming muffled. But for 
some reason I thought he was saying Moonlight. Iron thrust his hand out towards 
me and I saw dark shapes flying out of the ground. They looked like mist. They 
were sharp at the end, like points. As they came closer I felt the pattern on 
my wrist appear. It sometimes happens when I do those things I mentioned before. 
Whenever someone sees me do it they are scared and run away screaming, but these Sheids 
have the same abilities. I felt like time was slowing down, I really was going to die. 
The shapes were coming closer. Suddenly pain shot up my arm. I looked down in 
what felt like slow motion and saw dark lines tracing their way up my right arm. 
It was as if the pattern was extending. I just wanted to get away. I didn't want 
to die. The spikes were slowing die. Iron smiled at me. Then I was gone. 

*18
Somewhere
I wasn't at the camp anymore. I was in the forest but I didn't recognise it. I 
musn't have gone very far because I could see the light from the campfire. The 
pattern on my wrist was gone. I had no idea I could even do that, I had killed 
animals but anything too complex like another person I couldn't do anything. I have
to find Moonlight, she said she would explain things to me.

I looked for the Castle. Moonlight and the others were raiding it. It was quite 
big but in the dark I couldn't make it out. It should be lit up too, but there 
was no light around me. The campfire was gone. Then I saw Iron in front of me. 
He was smiling. He said that he was disappointed, and mentioned something about 
rumours being true. He then went on to say that he knew Moonlight was a traitor 
the moment he saw me in the camp. He didn't know what I looked like, but the way 
she looked at me, and he knew I was the traitor. I looked at him confused. He 
turned around and started walking away, then he raised his hand up high. Shadows 
sprung out of the ground as if they were alive and moved slightly away as if 
poising to strike me. I quickly thought of what I could do, what to do. The pattern 
still hadn't come back. Then they turned into arrowheads. Iron turned around and 
looked me in the eyes. You don't have it do you, he said. I just looked at him 
with panic in my eyes. He closed his fist. The shadows went straight through me, 
and I was gone. The End.

*19
Sheid Camp
^ Get away from the camp as fast as you can,18
^ Have a quick peek at Iron's notes,20
I felt confused and scared. I wanted Iron to just forget me. He looked at me and 
started shouting. Rock, Grass, get here now, it was Moonlight all along, Kill him! 
He yelled. I shut my eyes tight and waited, my hearing started dimming, I felt 
like my vision was disappearing. Then I disappeared. I opened my eyes, I couldn't 
see myself, I was invisible. No. I was a shadow. I was on the ground. Iron's eyes 
went wide, who taught him that he muttered to himself. This is my chance. I could 
escape. Wait a moment, he can't touch me now, there were some sheets of paper on his 
desk, maybe I could check them. 

*20
Sheid Camp
I soon realised my vision was actually monochromatic, I could only see 
black, white and shades of grey. Iron shouted at Rock to get a flame. Rock 
jumped into action running out. I didn't have much time. Iron was focusing on 
something, I needed to be quick. I moved to the notes and but just before I 
looked I saw something in my periphery, I recognised it and dashed back. Just 
missing an arrow, but it was a shadow. Iron smirked a bit and said he wouldn't 
miss next time. I better get out, I only saw the top page. It had a pattern on 
it, the same one that was on my wrist. There was also the NUMBER 3 next to the 
word UJIL. Rock came back with a flaming stick which he 
threw on my shadow. The shadow started disappearing, it was weakening. Then 
Iron jumped on me and I felt like I was being pulled, he had grabbed me. Next 
I wasn't a shadow anymore, and I had a weird band on my wrist. It was my right wrist. 
I thought about the pattern, and tried to get it to appear on my wrist, I could 
fight with its power. It began to appear then it started moving. It moved onto the 
band. I watched with horror as the pattern quite literally moved from my skin to this 
band all while Iron was grinning. See you in the abyss traitor. I couldn't breath. 
Something was squeezing my neck. I clawed at my neck, and felt warmth trickle onto 
my hands. My vision slowly turned black. The End.

*21
Castle
^ Next,22
I took a quick glance around to make sure nobody was watching while I dashed 
out of the camp towards the castle. I saw some other Sheids there, they waved 
at me. But I couldn't see any of the soldiers. There were a few of us congregated 
just inside the castle walls. They said the gate was open and there were no 
sentries. I had no idea why and neither did they. I heard screaming and 
twisted around. It was one of us. He was screaming the word oil. I followed his gaze 
and saw some lights in the distance on a different section of the wall. There were
a few soldiers on that section of the wall, so it wasn't deserted. A small light 
flew across the sky, probably a signal from the soldiers. I couldn't 
see any oil, I went over to him and asked him what he was talking about. I told him 
there was no oil over there, just a few sentries. They couldn't see us in the darkness. He 
looked at me with wide bloodshot eyes and said two words. Above us. 
Then the whole world turned as bright as the sun. The ground lit up but there was 
nothing on the ground. It was in the sky. The sky was fire. I didn't even realise 
what it was at first, there was no way. It was fire falling from the sky. The Sheid 
I was talking to made agonising screams and fell on the ground. I felt the pattern 
on my wrist appear, it started snaking its way up my arm. The oil hadn't hit us yet, but the 
light was above us so our shadows couldn't be seen. All around me I heard screams. But I 
couldn't feel anything. I saw some Sheids trying to get away. I felt like the oil was 
barely moving anymore. I could still feel the pattern snaking up me. It had reached my neck. 
It was excruciating, but it gave me power. It felt like that at least. I didn't know 
what to do, I braced to jump away, and pushed my foot into the ground. I felt the pavement 
crack. When I woke up the other Sheids were all around me, the ground was still burning by 
the castle gate. I had saved them. I had saved them all. I couldn't remember what had happened 
though. 

*22
Castle
^ Next,23
Moonlight walked up to me. Her face was unreadable as ever. She was so pretty too. 
The flames played tricks in the light and made everything more surreal. I asked her 
who I was. I couldn't remember who I was. She ignored me and clasped my hand. Then she 
drew it up and looked at the top of my hand. I just stood there in confusion. She touched my 
wrist and the pattern began to appear, it was faded though. Now I was just really confused. 
I asked her what she just did, she let go and the pattern vanished. She looked at me and asked 
if I remember her. I said of course I did, I spoke to her just earlier at the camp. She 
shook her head and said before that. I couldn't really remember anything that long ago. Maybe from 
a few years ago my memory is all fuzzy, I couldn't think of anything specific that happened, I just 
feel like I had always been a theif. I told her that and looked up at her. Something 
sparkled in her eyes. I didn't realise it at the time, but I soon realised what it was. 
She hugged me and I felt dizzy. When she released me I fell to my knees. She seemed impressed, 
most people faint the first time, then again this probably wasn't my first time she said. I got up 
and the fire was gone. Actually, everyone was gone. I was someone else, I was in the forest. We 
were near the camp, I could see light from the camp. It was our camp. Finally she was 
going to explain it to me. 

*23
Somewhere
^ Tell her that she is wrong, that you met her today for the first time,24
^ You feel a bit uneasy and need to think,25
Most of the Sheids were male, but Moonlight was female. She was really beautiful. I 
had never met anyone like her before. This is what she told me: "You were supposed to be 
killed. You had been caught. They restrained you, so that you couldn't use your 
power. It was still night at the fortress when you were executed. I saw the blade-". She 
stopped talking and looked away. "I saw the blade hit you. It went right through you. I saw 
your head-" she started, but then her knees buckled and she buried her face in her hands. I think 
she was crying. She stopped after a minute and then said "You killed them. You killed them all. 
We could feel the power building up after you died. I don't know what you did to yourself but 
when you died, I guess you lost control. Darkness spewed out of your body and engulfed 
the lights, it swallowed the fortress. I knew it wasn't you, you were suffering. I could feel you 
protecting me even after you died, but I watched as everyone around me were killed. Shards and skewers." I looked 
at her, and dumbly stated "That couldn't have been me, because I'm alive. Not to mention to fact 
that I know I didn't do that". She asked me how I knew and I just said I knew. Then she asked me 
what happened earlier, what did I do. I smirked and said I saved them. But what happened she said. I 
tried to remember, but I couldn't remember. I didn't know what happened. Why couldn't I remember. 

*24
Somewhere
I told her that couldn't be true. She started crying again. I said I'm sorry but I 
have absolutely no idea what she is talking about or who she is. Her eyes went wide 
and she just looked at me. It wasn't that bad was it, that I don't remember her. I was 
just another Sheid wasn't I? Then I heard a voice, "I've got to thank you, if I didn't 
realise you were still alive I wouldn't have realised it was Moonlight. So this is 
why you stole it, you were going to give it to that traitor." Moonlight had no panic in 
her eyes, she was confused. This man, whoever he was, was wrong. Where are you I yelled. 
Iron walked out into the light. He swung his arm towards Moonlight and she flew into a 
tree. I felt angry, why would he kill his own comrade. I mustered the will to make my 
pattern appear, as it spread up my arm the pain grew, it grew too much. I gasped and grabbed 
my arm as the pattern vanished for good. Iron laughed and threw a spear of darkness 
at me. It was a while before I died, but as I sat there against the tree with the dark 
bolt pinning me there, I remembered who Moonlight was. Now she was dead because of me. The End.

*25
Somewhere
I walked a small distance away and vanished into the shadows. I was confused and what she 
said couldn't be true. I heard a voice, someone was talking to Moonlight. They sounded 
angry, they called her a traitor. I had a peek, just as I saw a dark shape darting towards 
her. No no no, she can't die. I felt the pattern empower me. I reached out to her in the darkness. 
The dark shape struck her and stopped dead in its tracks. She pleaded with the man, she called 
him Iron. I felt a pressure on my chest. Iron looked at her confused. She made a small movement 
with her fingers and Iron ducked. I didn't see what happened but behind him a tree fell. He looked a bit 
scared now, he went beserk. Making swing after punch after swing sending hammers, swords, arrows, 
spears flying at Moonlight. She dodged them. Then he faced his hands to each other and brought them 
together slowly. This time I felt pressure on both sides, it was painful. His hands became closer. He 
started laughing, mania in his head. I fell onto my knees and Moonlight looked back at me desparation in 
her eyes. She ran at Iron and spear after spear hit her. They glanced off her. But hit me. She yelled out the 
words UJIL BAV PIRI. Iron just smirked, "I already knew all FIVE" he said. I collapsed as I watched her being crushed. 
The End.

*26
Armoury
^ Next,8
I nonchalantly strolled over to the Armoury. I silently moved inside and looked around. There 
were no weapons. No armour. It was all gone. I could see containers toppled over and some empty racks. 
There weren't even any soldiers. Maybe it was always like this, I had no idea there was such a 
shortage of weapons and armour. I quickly ran back toward the exit but hit something. A large 
pole fell towards me and I heard a thump. 

*27
Keep
^ Steal from the man,28
^ Steal from the child,29
^ Steal from the woman,29
^ Steal from the captain,29
I walked into the Keep. I quickly kept to the shadows. People generally didn't notice me when I 
was in the shadows. Today was my lucky day. There was some sort of meeting going on. The Keep was 
large, but I could make out a few people. I just need to decide who to steal from. There were a few 
people sitting at the table. A man wearing a crown, a child with a toy 

*28 Keep
^ Take his crown,8
^ Take his pants,8
^ Take his ring,28
^ Take his pendant,8
^ Take his food,8
someone who looked to be very important. He was wearing a crown. I had never 
engaged in royal celebrations, so I didn't know who was who. I saw a servant about my age and grasped 
at his shadow, I tried to get him to come over to me. COME! HERE! I thought in my head as strongly as I could. 
I couldn't command another human, but I could make suggestions. He glanced over towards me and walked over to 
see if something was going on. Just when he entered the shadows, I hid him and quietly choked him covering his mouth. It was 
just for a few hours, then he would wake up. I took his clothes and swapped them with mine. Then I went 
over and played the part for a while. It wasn't too hard, anybody could have done it. I finally got close to 
that rich person, then I had to decide what to take. I liked to think I was a professional, but some things were 
riskier than others. There were a few things that I found interesting. 

*28
Keep Kitchen
^ Head back to your alleyway with the ring,29
I reached over and took the ring. It wasn't too hard, just a bit of oil on my fingers and I could slip it off. He had 
a few rings, but this one looked magical. Magical items were always worth more. I noticed it had an inscription. 
I looked at it, I've never been able to read them. But this one I could understand. Maybe it wasn't magic after all. It 
said "SAY THE 5 WORDS AND UNLEASH POWER". Probably some proverb. I could try saying some words I've heard around the place, see 
what happens. I wondered if they have to be in order. It sounded a bit foolish, I could just sell it. In any case I'll head back 
to my alleyway, it's late. 

*29
A Shadowed Alley
^ Go to sleep,1
^ Say PIRI,29
^ Say UJIL,29
^ Say TIRS,30
^ Say BAV,29
^ Say IYA,29
You sit there looking at the ring and wonder what to say. 

*30
A Shadowed Alley
^ Go to sleep,1
^ Say PIRI,29
^ Say UJIL,29
^ Say TIRS,29
^ Say BAV,29
^ Say IYA,31
You sit there looking at the ring and wonder what to say. 

*31
A Shadowed Alley
^ Go to sleep,1
^ Say PIRI,29
^ Say UJIL,32
^ Say TIRS,29
^ Say BAV,29
^ Say IYA,32
You sit there looking at the ring and wonder what to say. 

*32
A Shadowed Alley
^ Go to sleep,1
^ Say PIRI,29
^ Say UJIL,29
^ Say TIRS,29
^ Say BAV,32
^ Say IYA,29
You sit there looking at the ring and wonder what to say. 

*33
A Shadowed Alley
^ Go to sleep,1
^ Say PIRI,34
^ Say UJIL,29
^ Say TIRS,29
^ Say BAV,29
^ Say IYA,29
You sit there looking at the ring and wonder what to say. 

*34
A Lightened Alley
The ring dark. White lines begin to trace the surface of the ring, a pattern 
begins to form identical to the black pattern on your wrist. You put the ring 
on your left hand and the pattern brightens. It grows so bright it's blinding and 
you cover your eyes. Eventually the light dies away. When you look back down the 
ring crumbled into dust. On your left wrist is a white pattern, identical to the 
black one on your right wrist. 
You feel a new sense of purpose. 
The End. 